THE HWOARANG REFERENCE GUIDE
version 2.0 (7/25/98)
by
GARGOYLE SOX
gargoylesox@juno.com


    This guide is a product of, and for, the Tekken community. It may be
distributed freely as long as the content remains intact, and it is not sold
or otherwise traded for monatery compensation. It may not be printed, in
whole or part, in a for-profit publication (hear that, EGM?) without my
express written consent.

    Essentially, this means that if you copy my work and try to pass it off
as your own, I will find out, and I will find you. I hold grudges for a VERY
long time. Take a moment to reflect on that...

    Tekken 3 and it's characters, of course, are copyrighted by Namco and
are protected throughout the universe and all of space and time by a fleet
of lawyers with large attache cases, so don't screw with them. Yadda yadda
yadda...
       
    This time, I've typed this up in DOS edit.com instead of wordpad, so now
all those annoying tabs are fixed. It'll look just fine in Windows or DOS.
Just remember that the numbers and dots below should line up.

1234567890
..........

    With that said, let's get on with the faq...


TABLE OF CONTENTS:

 INTRODUCTION
 CONVENTIONS
   CONTROLLER
   BUTTONS
   THROWS AND POSITION
   HITTING
   EFFECT NOTES
   BASIC MOVES/DEFINITIONS
 MOVE LIST
 SOME MOVES IN DEPTH
 BASIC STRATEGIES
   MOVEMENT, SIDESTEPS, AND THE FLAMINGO STANCE
   THE CROUCH DASH
   STANCES
   CHANGING STANCE
   ESCAPING THROWS
   STRINGS
   TENSTRINGS
 ADVANCED STRATEGIES
   PLAYING ON OFFENSE
     FOOT GAMES
     POKING
     THROWS
     MORE CROUCH DASH TRICKS
     CUSTOM STRINGS
     INFINITE STRINGS
     WAKE UP GAMES
   PLAYING ON DEFENSE
     SIDESTEP OR BLOCK?
     LOW PARRY
     CHICKEN
     ADVANCED CHICKEN TRICKS
     WAKE UP GAMES, PART 2
 JUGGLES AND COMBOS
 IN CONCLUSION
 CREDITS
 IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS...


INTRODUCTION

    Well, here we go again. Version 2.0 is finally out (and only 1 month
behind schedule... not bad in my book). Basically this is just a rewrite of
version 1.2 with some additions and corrections here and there. I've added
a ton of new juggles, clarified info on reversals and chickens, added the
chicken glitch moves, and added sections on custom and infinite strings,
just to name a few of the changes.
    Lessee, where should I begin? Let's start by first disspelling one of
the most annoyingly common myths about Hwoarang: that he's a button masher.
This is downright false. Now, I know that he has a lot of strings that are
executed simply by tapping a single kick button, or a sequence of both
kicks, but take a moment to look at what one gets for this kind of effort.
The result is a string of attacks that, while doing high damage, have
little to no chance of connecting beyond the second hit if your opponent
knows how to block. Add to this the fact that these strings all go high and
mid exclusively, meaning that you can duck some of them in their entirety.
On top of this, if the opponent has an attack reversal or high/mid parry
available, these attacks pose more danger to Hwoarang than to the defender
because of their general lack of speed and variance. What you end up with
is a character who is played as a masher only by scrubs or people who
actually want to lose. The simple fact (as I see it, anyway), is that
Hwoarang is a very much misunderstood character in terms of gameplay. He
has a good share of flaws, but like all characters, he has his strengths as
well. Of course mashers will continue to play him the way they do, but if
you think this is as effective as, say, mashing with Eddy or Law, then good
luck to ya! In the end, Hwoarang is a character who requires a lot of skill
to use to his full effectiveness. Learning to take advantage of his ability
to change stance takes time, and early on, can lead to many defeats. With
experience, however, I feel that a well played Hwoarang can be quite a
force to be reckoned with.
    With that out of the way, let's get on with a little familiarization.
Hwoarang's fighting style is Taekwondo, primarily an offensive, kick based
system. If, however, you think that means you can get by with only two
buttons, get that thought out of your head right now. I won't lie to you,
mastering Hwoarang takes a lot of practice, more than most other
characters, but if you take the right approach, it can be done.
    For the most part, as I said, you'll want to concentrate on maintaining
an offensive game. This is not only because he has a powerful offense, but
also because he actually begins to suffer when forced into a defensive game
due to his lack of fast power strikes and reversals. To win with Hwoarang
requires a great deal of finesse. You've got to take advantage of your
opponent's mistakes, and use pressure to force more mistakes. This does not
mean that you should get in your opponent's face and stay there; Hwoarang
actually plays best from about medium to near medium range. This is where
you should try to be most of the time. If you stay too close, you won't
have enough time to bring out your powerful kick attacks without being
interrupted by your opponent. This is part of why he's so hard to learn.
Also, you'll often find yourself doing attacks that leave you in your right
foot forward stance or one of the flamingo stances, instead of the
traditional left foot forward stance that most people are used to. You have
to learn to make the most of whichever stance you happen to be in at any
given moment, instead of simply switching back to left foot forward all of
the time.
    I've put this guide together as a kind of primer for learning Hwoarang.
None of the strategies I've included are set in stone. They are, however,
what I use, and I've put down a great many big mouthed (and very skilled)
players in my time.
    Okay, I'm in a bit of a serious mood here, so let me lighten things up
by dispelling another rumor: Hwoarang is not gay. I'm tired of hearing
about his bare midriff and "faggot-ass chaps". He may seem a bit
effeminate, but that's no proof. His profile mentions that he's "very
popular with the ladies". Take it how you will, but for my money, he's
straight.
    With that aside, and because I don't want this to be as long as a
friggin' Norman Mailer novel, let's get on with it...

CONVENTIONS

CONTROLLER

N - control neutral (no direction)   
f - tap forward (towards opponent)   F - hold forward
b - tap back (away from opponent)    B - hold back
u - tap up                           U - hold up
d - tap down                         D - hold down

d/f - tap down forward (as an angle ie: not down, then forward ;)
d/b - tap down back
u/f - tap up forward
u/b - tap up back
D/F - hold down forward
D/B - hold down back
U/F - hold up forward
U/B - hold up back

- It should be noted that holding a direction rarely requires more than
  tapping a direction and holding there for a split second longer than
  usual.

WS - while standing (while in the animation of rising from a full crouch
     position).
QCB - quarter circle back (d,d/b,b)
- QCB is a rolling motion; roll the stick or pad smoothly from down to back

BUTTONS

1 - left punch (LP)
2 - right punch (RP)
3 - left kick (LK)
4 - right kick (RK)- staggers on counterhit

+ - Indicates moves done together ie: d/b+3+4 means tap down/back and press
    left and right kick all simultaneously.

~ - Indicates moves done IMMEDIATELY one after the other ie: 3~4 means press
    left kick and then right kick -very- quickly... almost like pressing
    them at the same time.

, - Indicates sequence ie: 3,3,3,3 means tap left kick four times; f,f means
    tap forward twice.

_ - "Or". Pick one of the moves on either side of this symbol.

() - Indicates grouping of moves in a sequence ie: F+(3~3) means you hold
     forward while pressing left kick twice, instead of holding forward for
     the first press only.

[] - Indicates optional input.

THROWS AND POSITION

FT - throw from the front, facing opponent
BT - back throw, behind opponent
LT - throw from opponent's left side
RT - throw from opponent's right side

LFF - left foot forward stance
RFF - right foot forward stance
LFL - left flamingo stance (left foot in the air)
RFL - right flamingo stance (right foot in the air)
BK - with your back to your opponent

HITTING

h - Move hits high. Must be blocked standing, or it can be ducked,
    reversed, or parried.
m - Move hits mid. Must be blocked standing. Will hit crouching opponents,
    but can also be reversed or parried.
l - Move hits low. Must be blocked while crouching, or can be parried (not
    reversible).
M - Move hits mid and can hit a downed opponent.
L - Move hits low and can hit a downed opponent.
! - Move is unblockable.
<> - Indicates damage for a clean (deep) hit.

EFFECT NOTES

    The damage for each move listed is approximate. Normally, a full life
bar constitutes something like 120 to 140 points. I did the testing on my
PSX, and in practice mode you can get wildly different amounts of damage
from the same move for no apparent reason. In the notes section, I've put
up various effects, like stance changes and such. They're abbreviated as
follows:
- Stance change notes assume the move CHANGES the stance you were in when
  you initiated the move. All moves listed in the "either stance" section
  leave you left foot forward unless otherwise noted. Any other special
  notations are marked with numbers and corresponding footnotes.

LFF - Move puts you in left foot forward upon completion.
RFF - Move puts you in right foot forward.
LFL - Move puts you in left flamingo.
RFL - Move puts you in right flamingo.
BK - Move puts your back to your opponent.
RC - Recovers crouching.
* - Move is a launcher.
GS - Move causes guard stun. When blocked, your opponent will be pushed
     back and will be unable to block for a moment.
TS - Move causes turn stun. When blocked or when it connects (depending on
     the move), it will turn your opponent so that their side is facing
     you.
DS - Move causes double-over stun. When this move connects, your opponent
     will bend over and fall to the ground, and will be unable to quick
     rise.
ST - Move staggers your opponent. When this move connects, your opponent
     will stagger backward and be unable to block for a moment (much like
     guard stun).
(C) - Modifier; preceeding effect only if the move is a counter hit.
(B) - Modifier; preceeding effect only if the move is blocked.

BASIC MOVES/DEFINITIONS

sidestep: Quickly tap up or down on the controller to sidestep to the left
or right of your opponent.

low parry: Tap down or down/back and press 1+3 or 2+4 to push your
opponent's low attacks aside.

quick rise: When knocked down, it's possible to roll and get back on your
feet immediately. Press any button the instant you hit the ground to do
this. Punch buttons roll you to the background, kicks move you to the
foreground. This can only be done if you land on your back with your feet
towards your opponent. Also, remember that you can be hit while doing this
move, so use it sparingly as a surprise tactic when playing against better
skilled opponents.

supercharger: Press all four buttons simultaneously to use this. Your hands
glow for about 2-3 seconds, and any hit you connect with during this time
will count as a counter hit. Beware, though, as you are unable to block
when charged, and if you're hit, your opponent's attack counts as a counter
hit on you, and your charge wears off instantly. Use this in conjunction
with the Firecracker for an almost guaranteed launch.

counter hit: Also known as a major counter, this occurs when you interrupt
your opponent's attack after he's initiated it, but before it hits you,
with an attack of your own. This is most often encountered when dealing
with unblockables. Many moves exhibit special properties or effects when
they are counter hits, such as stunning them, launching them, or in the
case of strings, becoming a guaranteed combo.

ankle kick: When face up on the ground with your opponent at your feet, tap
down and 3 or 4 to deliver a quick kick to his shin.

uppercut: Tap down/forward and hit 1 to perform a regular uppercut. Hit 2
instead of 1 to do an uppercut that staggers when it connects, and launches
on a counter hit. Pressing 2 while rising from a crouch (WS+2) will also
give you an uppercut that launches if it connects (counter or not).

sweep: Hold down and press 3 (while crouching) to perform a basic low sweep
that can hit opponents on the ground.

jumping sweep: Hold up, up/forward, or up/back to jump, and press 3 just as
you land to do a sweep kick when you hit the ground.

jumping stun kick: Done the same as above, but hit 3 when you reach the
height of your jump. When this kick connects, it causes double over stun.

jumping kick: hold up, up/forward, or up/back and press 4 a moment after
leave the ground. This move hits mid and does only a little less damage
than the standard jumping spin kick, and is about as fast.

reverse launcher kick: With your back to your opponent, tap up or
up/forward (up/forward relative to your opponent; actually up and to your
back) and hit 4 to perform a kick that hits mid and launches your opponent
when it connects. This is a wonderful surprise move that can be followed up
with a juggle.

pounce: Tap up, up/forward, or up/back and hit 2 to perform a leaping punch
that hits mid and can hit a downed opponent (which is all it should be used
for, if ever...)

ON TO THE MOVE LIST!

THROWS                 INPUT                DAMAGE      ESCAPE     NOTES

Pickpocket             1+3 (FT)             30          1
Human Cannonball       2+4 (FT)             30          2          #1
Rolling Jawbreaker     f,f+2 (FT)           30          2
Leg Hook Drop          d,D/B+1+3 (FT)       30          1+2
Doormat                QCB+3 (FT)           40          1
Bring It On            1+3_2+4 (LT)         45          1
Dead End               1+3_2+4 (RT)         44          2
Slaughterhouse         1+3_2+4 (BT)         55          n/a


LEFT FOOT STANCE       INPUT               RANGE/DAMAGE            NOTES

Migraine               1,1                 h,h/5,8
Left-Right             1,2                 h,h/5,10
Home surgery           1,1,3,3             h,h,l,h/6,10,10,23
Rejecter               [1],2,3             h,h,m/6,9,19
Rejection              [1],2,4             h,h,h/6,9,37
Backhand               b+2                 h/10
Rusty Knife            f+2                 m/15                    RFF
Tetanous               F+2                 m/15
Machinegun Kicks       3,3,3,3             h,m,m,h/15,12,10,25     * GS
Hot Feet               4,4,4,4             h,h,h,m/14,10,10,20     TS(B)RFF
Stop Kick Combo        f+4,4               h,m/20,15               RFF
Hard Rocker            4,f+4               h,h/13,20               RFF
Da Bomb                4,4,f+4             h,h,h/13,10,25          RFF
Kitchen Sink           4,4,4[~B]           h,h,h/18,13,9           #2 RFL
Blizzard Kicks         4,4,4,3             h,h,h,l/14,10,10,10
Disorderly Conduct     3,3,4[~F]           h,m,h/15,12,20          #2 RFL
Rock Your World        3,3,4,4             h,m,h,m/15,12,20,15     RFF
Party Hearty           3,3,[d+]3,4[~F]     h,m,m,h/15,12,10,20     #2 RFL
Total Outrage          3,3,3,4,4           h,m,m,h,m/15,12,10,20,15RFF
Menace To Society      3,3,d+3,4,4         h,m,l,h,m/15,12,7,13,15 RFF
Axe Murderer           4,3                 h,m/13,20               ST(C)RFF
Rude Boy               4,f+3               h,m/13,17               ST(C)
Spinal Tap             f,f+3               m/30                    GS RFF
Ecoli                  f+3~3_f,N,d,D/F+3~3 m/22                    #3
Torpedo Kick           f,f+4               h/30                    #4 BK
Flying Eagle           3~4                 m,m/15,28
Doggie Lift            f+4                 h/20                    RFL
Nose Bleeder Right     b+4                 h/28                    TS(C)RFF
Left Flamingo Feint    f+3_f,N,d,D/F+3     n/a

RIGHT FOOT STANCE      INPUT               RANGE/DAMAGE            NOTES

Right-Left             2,1                 h,h/6,10
Double Left            1,1                 h,m/10,12               LFF
Big Fists              2,1,1               h,h,m/6,10,12           LFF
Teaser                 3,3                 l,h/15,40               TS(B)LFF 
Toe Jam                4,4                 h,h/15,27               LFF
Chainsaw Kick          4,3                 h,M/15,20
Chainsaw Cancel        4~f                 h/15                    RFL
Grand Theft            f+4~4               m/20                    *
Cheap Shot             f+3                 h/25                    LFL
Cheap Shot-Retreat     f+3~B               h/25                    BK
Cheap Shot-Jab         f+3,1               h,h/25,12               LFF
Cheap Shot-Low         f+3,d+3             h,L/25,12               LFF
Cheap Shot-Sweep       f+3,d+4             h,l/25,15               RC
Cheap Shot-Snap Kick   F+(3~3)             h,m/25,23
Cheap Shot-Rocket      f+3,3,3,3           h,m,m,h/25,22,10,25     *GS(B)LFF
Bad Dancer             f+3,4               h,L/25,20               LFF
Backlash               3~4                 h/36<54>                TS(B)LFF
Ripoff                 f,f+3               h/25                    TS(B)
Screw Kick             f,f+4,3             m,h/18,20               GS
Misdemeanor            b+4                 h,32                    TS(B)
Nose Bleeder Left      b+3                 h,28                    TS(C)LFF
Right Flamingo Feint   f+4                 n/a

EITHER STANCE          INPUT               RANGE/DAMAGE            NOTES

Disrespect             1+2                 n/a                     BK
Stance Change          3+4                 n/a
Body Blow              d/f+1+2             m/10
Lifting Upper          WS+2_f,N,d,D/F+2    m/15                    *
Firecracker            d+4,4               L,h/7,22                * GS
Skyrocket              f,N,d,D/F+4         m/23                    *
Jumping Roundhouse     u/b_u_u/f+4         h/25<37>                GS
Public Enemy           d/f+3,4             m,m/17,21
Tsunami Kick           WS+4,4              m,M/13,15               RFF
Hunting Hawk           u/f+3,4,3           m,m,h/15,14,25          #5 GS
Hop Kick               u/b_u+3             h/20                    LFL
Crippler               d/b+4               L/10                    TS(C)
Repeater               d/b+4~4             m/30                    GS
Windmill Kick          WS+3                h/28
Killing Blade          f,f,f+3             m/30                    GS
Low Parry              (d_d/b)+(1+3_2+4)   n/a
Dynamite Heel          d/b+3+4             !/40<52>
                        (b=cancel to LFL)

LEFT FLAMINGO STANCE   INPUT               RANGE/DAMAGE            NOTES

Rocket Laucher         3,3,3               m,m,h/22,10,25          * GS LFF
Cannon Kicks           3,3,4               m,m,h/22,10,20          RFL
Extended Cannon        3,3,4,4             m,m,h,m/22,10,20,15     RFF
Step Kick              4                   h/28                    RFL
Snap Kick              f+3                 m/18                    RFF
Snap Spin Kick         b+3                 h/32                    TS(B)LFF
Cutter Left            d/b_d_d/f+3         L/13                    LFF
Cutter Right           d/b_d_d/f+4         l/15                    LFF
Trick Jab              1                   h/12                    LFF
Right Backhand         2                   m/12                    RFF
Power Blaster          1+4                 !/80                    LFF
                        (b,b=cancel to LFF)

RIGHT FLAMINGO STANCE  INPUT               RANGE/DAMAGE            NOTES

Right Stopper          4                   m/20                    DS(C)RFF
Step Kick              3                   h/25                    LFL
Snap Kick              f+4                 m/18                    LFF
Snap Spin Kick         b+4                 h/32                    TS(B)RFF
Cutter Right           d/b_d_d/f+4         L/13                    RFF
Cutter Left            d/b_d_d/f+3         l/15                    LFF
Trick Jab              2                   h/12                    RFF
Left Backhand          1                   m/12                    LFF

 1: The Human Cannonball cannot be done from RFF. I think this is just a
    Playstation glitch. Both 1+3 and 2+4 in RFF are the Pickpocket, and
    both are escaped with 1.
 2: If the optional F or B input is used, Hwoarang will end in LFF.
 3: Ecoli done from a crouch dash can be done from either stance.
 4: The Torpedo kick leaves your back to your opponent if blocked or
    ducked, but leaves your opponent's back to you if it connects.
 5: The third hit of the Hunting Hawk only comes out if the second hit
    connects. Both the first and second hits can cause guard stun.

SOME MOVES IN DEPTH

LEG HOOK DROP  (d,D/B+1+3)

    This is actually one of Hwoarang's better throws. First, it's the only
one that requires 2 buttons to escape, making it that much harder to get out
of. Second, a Crippler is guaranteed afterwards. Third, if you mess up,
you'll likely get the Pickpocket instead. Try to throw in the d,D/B
motion whenever you go for a 1+3 throw for best results.

ROLLING JAWBREAKER  (f,f+2)

    This is, by far, Hwoarang's most useful throw. The f,f motion allows
you to tack this on after many poking attacks and custom strings, plus its
built-in dash buffer can be used to double its effective range. The only
drawbacks to this throw are its single button escape, and the fact that it
doesn't allow for much in the way of okizeme (ground hits) afterward. If
you connect with a Torpedo Kick and want to get in a back throw on your
opponent, use f,f+2 to dash in on them slightly and increase your chance
of landing it. Use it often, but don't abuse it or your opponents will
learn to break out of it!

DOORMAT  (QCB+3)

    My personal favorite of Hwoarang's throws. It does the most damage of
his throws, but is hampered a bit due to the QCB command input and one
button escape. On the plus side, however, it has some great wake-up
potential. Just like the Leg Hook, you can easily follow up with a Spinal
Tap if your opponent moves, or time a Crippler just right for some serious
cheese action (explained in the Advanced Strategy: Throws section).
Honestly, you won't get many opportunities to use this move, but you may
find it easier to do than the Leg Hook, so always keep it in mind for
whenever an opening shows itself.

HOME SURGERY, REJECTER, REJECTION  (LFF- 1,1,3,3 / LFF- 1,2,3 / LFF- 1,2,4)

    Of these, the first two are the most important pecking tools in your
arsenal. Home Surgery hits h,h,l,h for a good mixup, plus, if the third hit
connects, the fourth is guaranteed. Switch up to the Rejecter or just the
first three hits of Home Surgery once your opponent wises up. If they try to
block the third hit of Home Surgery, the side kick from the Rejecter will
connect. You can omit the first hit of the Rejecter and Rejection in order
to bring out the final power hit sooner, thereby making it harder for an
experienced opponent to block correctly. In addition, if you just use 2,3
or 2,4 and the punch connects as a counter hit, it stuns just long enough
to guarantee the kick after it. This is really the only safe way to use the
Rejection in your poking game, since all it's hits go high. Other than that,
Rejection is best used as a solid and easy juggle after a Firecracker. In a
lot of cases, 1,2,3 and 2,3 are interchangeable poking attacks because both
of Hwoarang's basic jabs come out at exactly the same speed. Because of
this, you may want to get used to using 2,3 a lot due to the fact that it
does about as much damage as 1,2,3, and the kick is guaranteed if the punch
is a counter hit.

BODY BLOW  (d/f+1+2)

    You should use this move liberally whenever you feel too close for
comfort. It's good for a final K.O. hit because of it's speed and priority,
and also as a cheap first hit at the beginning of the round. It's also
excellent for preventing throws and for keeping your opponent out of throw
range altogether. When using it for playing keepout, mix it in with the Axe
Murderer, Rude Boy, and Public Enemy to gain and keep distance, but beware
of reversals!

PUBLIC ENEMY  (d/f+3,4)

    Now, I know you may disagree with me on this one (as I know some people
are apt to do...), but I really like this move. It has good range, power,
a decent amount of speed, and it can be done from both LFF and RFF. On top
of this, if the first hit connects as a counter hit, the second hit is
guaranteed for a good 25% damage combo. This should be used occasionally
whenever you find yourself just outside of poking range. It fits the bill
nicely for keeping your opponent away from you. Try tossing it in after you
poke your opponent back a bit for a decent chance at a counter.

ECOLI  (LFF- f+3~3_f,N,d,D/F+3~3)

    This move is good for playing keepout, or when you're behind your
opponent. It is not, however, as fast as some people think. The reason for
this is that it "telegraphs" itself a bit because you go into the left
flamingo stance before it comes out. This fact alone can almost end it's
usefulness completely against an expert reversal player, so remember to
always buffer a chicken when going against those guys. Remember, also, that
you can initiate this move from a crouch dash. Since it's range is a little
longer than that of the Skyrocket, you can dash in just outside of the
Skyrocket's range and use the Ecoli to surprise your opponent. You can also
crouch dash into LFL, then pause and hit 4 for a fake. also, just for the
sake of saying it, if you happen to crouch dash in under an opponent's
attack, always go for the Skyrocket and punish him with an unreal juggle!

FIRECRACKER  (d+4,4)

    Okay, listen up. This is one of the Golden Rules when playing Hwoarang
(think of it as that "don't feed after midnight" rule in Gremlins.) Here it
is: DO -NOT- ABUSE THIS MOVE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!! Repeat this to
yourself until you dream about it at night! The reason for this is simple
(and my number one Hwoarang gripe): Even if the first hit, which goes low,
connects, the second hit can be blocked. This in and of itself is not so
bad, since it causes guard stun when blocked and pushes your opponent back,
but here's the kicker. The second hit goes high, so your opponent can (and
will) duck it even if the first hit connects. Offhand I can't think of a
single move in the game that leaves you as open to retaliation as this one.
This move is actually better utilized as a juggle ENDER than a starter.
The only real saving grace to this move is that the second hit is
guaranteed if the first connects as a counter, or if you're behind your
opponent. Therefore, the only exception to the Golden Rule is when you
perform your Supercharger, which makes your hits act as major counters, or
after you connect with the Torpedo Kick. Then, and only then, by all means
feel free to abuse this move... just don't get too predictable with it, or
your opponent will block low whenever he sees your hands glowing.
    You know, it kinda sucks that Nina, who is already overpowered to begin
with, has a similar move (d/b+4,3), that comes out faster, juggles, and hits
low/mid. Where's the justice??

TORPEDO KICK  (LFF- f,f+4)

    Use this move sparingly, but unexpectedly, to bring out it's full
potential. Try doing it when your opponent is in an aggressive mode. It's
also absolutely perfect when your opponent uses their supercharger, since
then they can't block it at all. If it connects, immediately do an Ecoli or
a Firecracker and juggle. If done correctly, this sequence can practically
end the match before it starts. If, however, it is blocked or ducked, you'll
have your back to your opponent, so watch out! About the best recovery to
this is a quick d+4 to turn around and deliver a quick low peck to keep your
opponent back. Another good use for this move is in retaliation of a
blocked or whiffed power move. If your opponent misses with a move that has
a bit of lag time and doesn't recover crouching, this should be your
punisher of choice, as it's just as fast as your f+3~3 Ecoli, but has much
more potential. Just remember that this move can be your best friend or
your worst enemy, depending on how and when you use it.

CRIPPLER  (d/b+4)

    This move has it's plusses and minuses, and both must be understood.
On the plus side, it hits low, and when it hits, it turns your opponent
sideways a bit, especially on a counter hit. This sets up for a good old
fashioned side throw. On the other hand, it has a very short range. It's
also quite slow... far too slow to be a staple foot game attack. Throw
this in once in a while, then sidestep and go for a throw if it hits. If
your timing is perfect, this move can cut off an opponent's tenstring,
especially right before the last attack if it's a power hit like Paul's
or Gunjack's. Don't abuse this one, either.

REPEATER  (d/b+4~4)

    Uhh, try to stay away from this one. It's a knockdown if it connects
(Crippler guaranteed afterward), but it's much too slow. It does, however,
have a deceptively long range.

FLYING EAGLE  (LFF- 3~4)

    This is an okay power hit for a bit outside of throw range. It's also a
good juggle after a Skyrocket. The second hit sometimes whiffs on smaller
opponents, though, so watch out, as this can leave you open to retaliation
for a moment due to it's slow recovery time. If you catch your opponent in
the air with this (major counter on Heihachi's Hunting Geta kicks, for
example), you can always follow up with a Firecracker for a juggle.

HUNTING HAWK  (u/f+3,4,3)

    One of Hwoarang's few guaranteed combos, this should be used fairly
often, especially during your wake up game, and when your opponent whiffs
an attack. It has great range, so you have it as an option even when you're
outside the range of most of your opponent's attacks. If your opponent
blocks this, it causes guard stun, so you can follow up with a throw
(preferably f,f+2) or a Skyrocket or some poking strings if you think your
opponent will try to retaliate. The biggest downfall to this move is it's
somewhat slow execution time. An expert level player will have little
trouble reversing it, so try to buffer a chicken for the first hit if
possible.
    On an interesting side note (much props to Red Smoke for this one): if
you do u/f+3,4,3 and your opponent blocks it, it causes a slightly longer
guard stun than just doing u/f+3,4, even though only the first two hits
come out in both cases. Therefore, you should always complete the entire
sequence even if your opponent blocks it, so you have a better chance of
getting off an attack while your opponent is unable to block.

RIGHT STOPPER  (RFL- 4)

    This move is highly underrated. It's actually the only move unique to
the right flamingo stance, and executes with just one button. The magic of
this move is that it causes a double-over stun when it connects as a major
counter. A good and simple setup for this one is to do f+4 from left foot
forward, then wait a split second, then hit 4 again. The pause is important,
because without it, you just get a two kick combo that doesn't stun. If the
opponent tries to rush you after the first hit of the setup, they'll be hit
by the Stop Kick. This is one of your best chances for a major counter.
Follow up with d+4,4 or d/b+3+4 or some other fast power hit.

BAD DANCER  (RFF- f+3,4)

    Not too great. It hits high/low for fair damage, but the second hit
comes out way too slow. If you must use it, do f+3,d+4 instead. This move
looks the same and has the same range, but it's slightly faster, knocks
your opponent down, and recovers crouching, allowing you to easily follow
up with WS+4,4 for an extra ground hit or two. All this and the sweep only
loses about 5 points of it's original damage. That's a pretty good
tradeoff, don't you think?

CHEAP SHOT  (RFF- f+3)

    This move is beautiful! It's fast, does generous damage, and recovers
quickly in LFL, leaving you with a ton of follow up options. You can change
up into a Step Kick, Snap Kick, Snap Spin Kick, Cutter left or right, or
the left flamingo Cannon Kicks. Basically any move for left flamingo is an
option. There's really nothing bad at all about this move. I sometimes win
matches using this move and it's follow ups exclusively. By the way, it's
also great for juggles! The only slight drawback to this move is that it
hits high, and it leaves you open in left flamingo after you do it... but
no Hwoarang player worth his salt would just do this move alone, right? So
that doesn't even really count.

MISDEMEANOR/ SNAP SPIN KICK  (RFF- b+4 / LFL- b+3 / RFL- b+4)

    Nothing really special, but looks good. They're slow and hit high, but
if blocked they turn your opponent sideways. They can be included in your
evasion tactics due to their built in sidestep and wide hitting range.
They're also the only high/mid attacks in Hwoarang's arsenal that cannot be
reversed. Remember this, as LFF is the only stance that you -can't- do one
of these moves from.

SKYROCKET  (f,N,d,D/F+4)

    Man, this move redefines the term "launcher"! If your opponent starts
getting used to the Firecracker and ducking the second hit, let him try this
one out... I swear this would be enough to break gravitational pull if you
were fighting on the moon. I mean, you can practically make up juggles on
the spot after you've launched your hapless victim. Even if they do block
it, it pushes them back a bit, making this move pretty low-risk. Just
remember to buffer a chicken against reversal-capable characters. If you're
fast enough, this move is also guaranteed after you parry a low right kick.
The only drawback is that it doesn't launch Kuma, Gunjack, Ogre, and True
Ogre well. Regardless, it's safe to say that I love this move like family.

SPINAL TAP  (LFF- f,f+3)

    This move is fair as a power strike, but lacks a bit in execution speed
and recovery time. What it does have going for it, though, is that it can
be done from a crouch dash, and you recover in RFF. Also, if you knock down
your opponent, it is possible to hit him with this if he does anything but
just lie there. It will hit Kuma, Gunjack, and True Ogre on the ground even
if they do just lie there, making it a deadly technique to use against them.

CHAINSAW KICK  (RFF- 4,3)

    Hmm, not bad. Really good for ending juggles, cuz you slam your
opponent to the mat with the second hit, and then you can go right into the
move again to hit them on the ground. Don't be afraid to keep doing this
move over and over if your opponent can't seem to get up ;)

POWER BLASTER  (LFL- 1+4)

    Useless. Nuff said. If you actually connect with this, rest assured
that your opponent sucks (or maybe you just got really lucky...) This does
fantastic damage, but it's extremely slow and a little tricky to execute.
If you absolutely MUST use it, do it after a triple sidestep on an
aggressive opponent. Hopefully, you'll move far enough away to prevent him
from countering you successfully, and you should be able to connect. Hey, I
didn't say it was smart, just possible ;)

DYNAMITE HEEL  (d/b+3+4)

    This has to be one of the best unblockables in the game. For one thing,
it's kinda fast. Second, it hits opponents on the ground. Do this after a
Skyrocket, and it's almost guaranteed damage even if your opponent tries
to quick-rise or hit you with an ankle kick. This does not, however, work
against Kuma, Gunjack, Ogre, and True Ogre since the Skyrocket won't launch
them. Against normal Ogre, it may work since he's popped up a little higher
than the other big guys, but if he quick-rises, he has just enough time to
pull off a fast jab to stop you. If your opponent's slow, you can try this
move after a Skyrocket/Hunting Hawk juggle, but this is riskier. You may
want to go for it this way as a quick finish when you have the lead, or
even as a desperation move when you have nothing left. Use just the Hunting
Hawk, then the Dynamite Heel against Kuma/Panda, since they can't really
do much about it. 

BASIC STRATEGIES

MOVEMENT, SIDESTEPS, AND THE FLAMINGO STANCE

    Hwoarang is one of the fastest moving characters in Tekken 3; arguably
the fastest male fighter. This is an advantage that few seem to utilize, but
it's extremely important, especially for Hwoarang. If you're used to playing
other characters, you've probably gotten used to blocking a lot of attacks
and then countering afterward. This is the wrong thing to do with Hwoarang.
Remember that, on top of his good quick sidestepping ability, he also has
the flamingo stances, which further add to his mobility. It will become
important to learn to anticipate moves and then sidestep and throw or do a
combo. The reason for this is twofold: First, Hwoarang is not a defensive
fighter. He can block and low parry, but that's about it. Also, when he's in
a flamingo stance, he can't block at all, so movement is crucial there.
Second, he doesn't really have any fast power strikes. This makes the old
block and counter game a real nightmare for him.
    You may be wondering what good his flamingo stances are if he can't
block in them. It's all in that key word: movement. Hwoarang can sidestep
further in a flamingo than he can normally. On top of this, he also does a
small sidestep when he goes into the flamingo stance. This is very
important. What it means is that basically you can go into flamingo, then
quickly sidestep, and you will have wrapped your way about 1/3 circle around
your opponent. This is a double sidestep. If you can attack before your
opponent can turn around, he will be unable to block. If you take this a
step further and sidestep, go to flamingo, then sidestep again (triple
sidestep), you will be clean behind your opponent! Remember that this can
all happen in under a second, so take advantage of the ability.
    Both the double and triple sidesteps are very quick, but they are
different and should be handled differently. The double doesn't move you as
far as the triple, but the execution is blindingly fast. The triple, as
said, can give you a complete 180, but there is a break after the first
sidestep where you will be vulnerable. Most of the time, the two are
interchangeable, but you should stick with the double's speed to evade
pressure tactics. On the other hand, the triple is just what the doctor
ordered when your opponent is doing a series of linear attacks (attacks that
move him/her straight forward with little ability to track your movement,
like straight jab and kick strings.)
    Another thing to note is that, when doing this double sidestep trick,
there is a right and wrong direction to sidestep depending on which method
and stance you choose. It works like this: If you are on the left side
facing right (in LFF), and you go into flamingo (f+3), you will auto
sidestep to your right (down, towards the screen). This is the direction
you should always do your double sidestep when in this position. If you
were to sidestep left, going into left flamingo would basically cancel out
your first sidestep, and you'd still be stuck in front of your opponent,
minus the ability to block!

HEY LOOK... A CHART!

FACING      STANCE      FLAMINGO    SIDESTEP

RIGHT       LFF         LFL         DOWN
RIGHT       RFF         RFL         UP

LEFT        LFF         LFL         UP
LEFT        RFF         RFL         DOWN

    So, if you find yourself on the right side of the screen facing left,
and you are in the left foot forward stance, you should use the left
flamingo stance and sidestep up (away from the screen, to Hwoarang's right).
    The triple sidesteps are a little easier, since stance doesn't matter
due to the fact that you revert to LFF after the first sidestep. Therefore,
when on the left side of the screen facing right, you sidestep down both
times, and when on the right side facing left, you sidestep up both times.

THE CROUCH DASH
    
    This ability is beyond important to master, and not just because some
of Hwoarang's most powerful moves require it. When you do a crouch dash
(f,N,d,D/F), you quickly duck down and dash forward, rising after the
forward movement has completed. This allows you to move in fast under some
high attacks and gives you access to the almighty Skyrocket, plus it gives
you a new way of doing some of Hwoarang's other moves. His Ecoli kick,
which is usually performed f+3~3, can also be done with f,N,d,D/F+3~3. This
may sound complex at first, but it's actually pretty easy once you get the
motion down. Although this resembles the motion in Street Fighter to
perform the Shoryuken, it's done a little differently. The trick is that
after you tap forward, you must return the stick to the neutral position
before inputting the d,D/F. This can be kind of hard on the arcade machines,
so practice until you're confident enough that you can do it at least 80%
of the time.
    Now, I know you're probably wondering what other moves can be done from
this. Well, maybe not... but I figure that if I've held your attention this
long, I can get away with just about anything from here on in. You'll
notice, first off, that Hwoarang's right uppercut (d/f+2) does not launch
the way they used to in Tekken 2. If, however, you do a WS+2 uppercut, it
will indeed launch. Taking this a step further, you'll notice that when
you do a crouch dash, you end your forward movement in a crouched position.
Therefore, if you do a crouch dash with right punch (f,N,d,D/F+2), you are
getting the dash, plus the punch counts as a WS+2 since it executes as
you're rising. You've just made up a new offensive juggle starter! Now back
to Ecoli. If you crouch dash into this, but hit 3 only once, voila! You've
dashed into your left flamingo stance. The real beauty of this is that you
can go straight into your double sidestep from this all in one smooth,
fluid motion. You can literally go from outside of attack range, to beside
or behind your opponent in under one second! Can we say "jinking tactics"?
    On top of this, there are several other moves that can be done from a
crouch dash. The two I'll cover now are the WS+3 Windmill Kick and the
WS+4,4 Tsunami Kick. These actually are not big news. The problem is that
Hwoarang's crouch dash has an unusually large window of execution for it's
normal moves (Skyrocket, left flamingo feint, and Ecoli). This means that
you have to delay your button press until the last possible moment to bring
out the Windmill or Tsunami kicks, or else you'll get the left flamingo or
Skyrocket. On top of that, using the flamingo sidestep or the Skyrocket
would be a better choice of moves almost every time.

STANCES

    I can't stress this enough: KNOW YOUR STANCES! To play Hwoarang
effectively, you must know 1: what you can do in each stance, 2: what
stance each move executed will leave you in, 3: how to maximize your stance
changing ability for any given situation, and 4: how to get out of a
flamingo stance quickly. Without the ability to use your stances
effectively, you -will- lose! I've lost count of how many times I've seen
someone try to play Hwoarang without knowing this stuff. The end result is
always the same: they lose, proclaim Hwoarang as the weakest character ever,
plunk in two more quarters, and pick Law (or Paul). I don't mean to mash on
Law or Paul players, but honestly, they can be mastered pretty easily as
they are pretty straightforward characters. Ah, well, what's an opinion
worth, anyway? Lack of this knowledge is also why so many people think
Hwoarang is for button mashers... but I'm rambling.
    The first two points I listed above are covered in the move list, and,
with some study, can open the door to point 3. It's important to know which
moves can get you into the right foot forward stance. This is where
Hwoarang's true power lies. Most of his moves here are power hits and
strong two hit combos, whereas left foot forward is geared more toward
poking, strings, and juggles. Remember this and incorporate it into your
strategy.
    Now for point 4. At some time or another you will inevitably find
yourself in a flamingo stance when you absolutely don't want to be there.
If your opponent catches on, he'll run in and stomp your helpless ass.
First thing: if you want out of a flamingo stance, don't move! That'll just
cause you to hop around on one leg and perpetuate your embarassment. If you
stay still, Hwoarang will put his foot back on the ground in short order.
If that's not fast enough, a simple jab will suffice. f+3 or d+3 in LFL and
f+4 or d+4 in RFL also work well. Of course, the best thing to do is make
the most of the situation and launch an attack. You'll usually end up out
of the flamingo afterward anyway. One final note: if you want out of the
flamingo, don't hit the button for the leg you are standing on (4 in LFL, 3
in RFL). This does the Step Kick which, while powerful, ends you in the
other flamingo stance- basically back where you started!

CHANGING STANCE

    Obviously, the quickest and easiest way to get from left foot to right
foot stance is the simple 3+4, but I thought I'd fill some space to tell
you about your other options. During a match, your opponent will likely be
giving you pressure and trying to stay on top of you, so 3+4 leaves you
open for easy retaliation. Also note that if you go from LFF to RFF and are
hit (or if you sidestep or crouch dash), you revert back to LFF, so no
progress there. In this situation it becomes imperative that you know which
moves can be done that will change your fighting stance. Usually, moves
like WS+4,4 , f+2 , or d/f+3,4 will do the job nicely. You get your stance
change, plus throw out some hits on your opponent. Killing two birds with
one stone is always good.
    I've noticed lately that a lot of people don't seem to know of any use
for Hwoarang's Disrespect move (1+2). Honestly, there isn't much you can do
with it, although it makes a decent taunt. Just keep pressing 1+2 over and
over again. Also, if your opponent is at running distance from you (pretty
far), you can use it to change your stance. Simply hit 1+2, then move
forward or back a step. You can also hit 1+2 and then any punch or kick
button to do a quick back turned snapping punch or kick that will change
your stance and sometimes fake out your opponent. Just don't get too
comfortable with your back to your enemy.

ESCAPING THROWS

    This is often more a matter of anticipation and luck than timing,
simply because you have to be so fast. You'll notice in the move list there
are buttons listed in the escape section for the throws. Simply hit these
buttons immediately upon being grabbed, and you'll escape the throw. You'll
also notice that some escapes are uniform. Simple 1+3 throws and left-side
throws are always escaped by hitting 1. Throws done with 2+4 or done from
the right side are escaped by pressing 2. Special throws usually are such
because they are harder to escape, usually requiring two buttons instead of
one. Learn to mix up your throws so that your opponent has to guess at the
escape method, and try to go for special throws whenever feasible. You
should also try to identify patterns in your opponent's throwing habits.
Do they always use the same throw on you? Learn the escape, plan ahead for
when he'll throw next, and escape the throw. If he's smart, he'll have to
start changing up his throws to get you, but most people are idiots...
Also, don't forget that throws done from behind cannot be escaped, so don't
make yourself look foolish by trying... just take it like a man.

STRINGS

    One of Hwoarang's advantages is his ability to bring out lots of fast
kicks at his opponent. On top of this, his stances give him so many
different options that you can really play a mean guessing game if you know
what you're doing and what you're capable of at any given moment. I can't
stress enough the importance of knowing what moves you can do in a
particular stance, and which stance these moves will leave you in. Although
the stance changes can be a big hinderance to a beginner, a seasoned expert
will use each one as a setup for the next set of moves. For starters,
practice with the simple LFF strings, like 3,3,3,3 , 4,4,4,4 , and
3,3,3,4,4. There are tons of changeups hidden here. You can substitute the
third kick in the 3,3,3,3 or 3,3,3,4,4 string for a d+3 to tag a low hit on
your opponent. You can change 4,4,4,4 into 4,4,4,3 to end low instead of
mid. You can cut the 4,4,4,4 or 3,3,3,4,4 short to end in RFF early, or to
end in RFL or even LFF. You can also truncate the 3,3,3,4,4 and make it
3,3,4,4, and in both of those strings, you can delay the last hit for a
moment to make it stun on a counter hit. These attacks are great for
staying on offense and applying pressure to your opponent. Just watch out
for reversal-happy opponents.
    As I mentioned before, LFF is the stance of choice for strings, but
that doesn't mean RFF doesn't have it's fair share. First and foremost,
there's that wonderful move, the Cheap Shot. This kick can seamlessly link
to any left flamingo move, making it truly an ideal choice for attack. Now
let's say you do a string in LFF and end up in RFF. What to do? Well,
besides the Cheap Shot variations, there's Toe Jam and the Chainsaw Kick.
Toe Jam delivers two ultra quick high kicks that are hard to defend against
unless anticipated. The Chainsaw Kick starts out the same, but ends with a
downward sweeping kick that hits mid and can hit opponents on the ground.
The first hit of the Teaser combo is also a good low peck that leaves you
in RFF. You can do this alone once or twice, then bust out the second hit
for some phat damage.
    If punches are your thing, try this one from LFF: f+2, 2,1,1. The first
hit puts you in RFF, and the rest is the Big Fists combo, an overall good
close range attack. Hey, why not throw in a d/f+1+2 Body Blow after all
that? The slight lag of the first hit often entices your opponent to close
in, thereby getting tagged by the rest of the string. The Body Blow can
then snuff out their retaliation efforts and help you keep the distance
you've gained. Okay, I know it's not much, but hey, if it's punches you're
after, use Paul or Bryan.
    Basically, You'll want to know your stances here so that you can keep
putting out loads of effective attacks one after the other in order to keep
the pressure up. Just remember to watch out for reversals, use your
imagination, and PRACTICE!

TENSTRINGS

#1: f+3,2,2,3, 4, 3,4, 4,4, 4, 3
#2: f+4,1,2,3, 4, 3,4, 4,4, 4, 3

    -The timing goes like this: f+3,2,2,3 fairly quickly, then 4 right
after. After a slight pause, do 3,4 again. When you see him go into the
straight side kicks (looks like d/f+3,4), hit 4,4, pause, then 4 again. You
may want to keep tapping 4 at this point until you see Hwoarang go into the
Firecracker. Then tap 3 when your opponent is in the air. Both combos are
the same except for the first "real" hit. The big thing is to not do it all
too fast.

    Okay, here's the deal. Aside from Bryan Fury, no one's tenstrings are
worse than Hwoarang's. This is because they are so slow. The fact that he
really only has one doesn't help much, either. There is one interesting
thing to note, however. Many guides say that each one is designed
specifically for each of the flamingo stances. That's just putting a
further handicap on these babies. Now don't get me wrong... about all these
are good for is sailing past the first two or three CPU opponents, but take
a look at tenstring #1. Does that f+3 look familiar? It should, because
that's the command for the Cheap Shot in RFF! Remember that about any move
you do out of the Cheap Shot can string quickly and effortlessly. So, then,
you start tenstring #1 from RFF instead of LFL and you get an automatic
extra hit that brings this combo's damage up to 100%! Try it. You'll like
it.
    Unfortunately, the same can't really be done with tenstring #2, since
the f+4 Doggie Lift in LFF has a bit of a lag time, but it still is useful
for initiating the combo.

ADVANCED STRATEGY

PLAYING ON OFFENSE

    -FOOT GAMES

    "Foot games" is just a term for basic mixed offensive and defensive
maneuvers. Usually it's a pretty abstract thing, but for purposes of this
guide, I'll take it to include things like: get in/get out, zoning, and
annoyance tactics. Hwoarang was made as a very zone-specific character, so
you have to be able to use these tactics to keep the amount of space that
you want between you and your opponent at all times. This is the key
ingredient in controlling any match. First, get in/get out is simply the
use of movements, dashes, crouch dashes, attacks that travel (move you in
a direction) well, etc. Like it's name, you want to keep some distance from
your enemy, usually staying just outside of the range of his attacks. With
Hwoarang's speedy backdash, this isn't too hard most of the time. When your
opponent leaves himself open after an attack or while moving at you, you
quickly move in and hit with a power move or a launcher and juggle. Then,
depending on how things are going, you can dash back out of range or stay
in close and get on the offense. Zoning is a similar concept. You use moves
that have a long range and good recovery time (such as d/f+3,4) in order to
keep your opponent at a specific range from you at all times. In theory,
you will keep your opponent from being able to attack you effectively,
while simultaneously keeping yourself at your optimum attack range.
Annoyance essentially involves using a small set of "cheap" attacks in a
highly defensive block and counter pattern. The object is to frustrate your
opponent and force him into making stupid mistakes. You may or may not want
to play defensively for a while in every match. Just don't turtle too much.
It pisses people off and leaves you open to throws (or mid attacks if you
duck). This can work to your advantage, though, as an angry, flustered
opponent is a mistake-prone opponent. Keep up the turtling, cheap attacks,
and low pecks, and soon your opponent will be trying something, anything,
to put you down. He may even keep doing the same move over and over,
insistent that it must hit you. Once your opponent slips up, it's
punishment time.
    Hwoarang's optimum range is usually well outside of throw range, and
beyond the range of most punches and low attacks. This way, you have a
chance to get into your RFF or flamingo stance with a degree of relative
safety, and set up a hard hitting move. Remember that a lot of Hwoarang's
attacks are slow, so you need to keep your spacing. A simple d/f+3,4 is
really good for keeping opponents at bay and buying you some time. 4,3 in
LFF is also good. The first hit goes high and staggers on a counter hit,
thereby guaranteeing the second hit if you're close enough. It also puts
you in RFF, ready to follow up with a power strike like f,f+4,3. The
Firecracker is another good push back tool if your opponent blocks the
second hit all the time, instead of ducking it.
    One thing you have to watch out for is having too much space between
you and your opponent. Sure, it's not always a bad thing, but what if
you've got the whole screen in between you, 10 seconds left on the clock,
and you're losing? Of course, run right on in there, but don't just charge
in with a head ram. Once at a full run, you have a few options. Pressing
1+2 gives you a lunging dive that causes guard stun if blocked, plus you
recover upright. If you time it right, you can get off a f,f+2 throw after
your opponent blocks this. Pressing 3 gives you a jump kick which, while
blockable, does as much damage as a shoulder ram, plus it's a lot harder to
stop. Pressing 4 gives you my favorite, the running slide. No one ever
seems to expect this. It doesn't do much damage, but it will knock down
your opponent. Just be careful, as you end up on the ground whether it
connects or not. Finally, there's the sidestep. During your run, tap back
to stop (this isn't necessary if you started running from within tackle
range). Then quickly sidestep at the last moment. Hopefully your opponent's
counterattack will whiff, leaving him open for a throw or combo. Using the
flamingo double sidestep and crouch dash flamingo sidestep tricks works
really great here.

    -POKING

    Poking is an absolutely essential part of a good strategy in Tekken.
Most of the time, you'll want to keep your opponent out of poking range,
but when that fails, you have to be able to beat him at his own game.
Poking correctly will prevent your opponent from getting his more powerful
attacks out while you're up in his face. Hwoarang's best tools for this are
his basic punches, his front kick (d/f+4), the Body Blow, Home Surgery, and
the Rejecter. His basic right and left punches are fast enough to often
snuff out attacks before they come out fully, plus his left jab can chain
into his other strings. The front kick has very good range and speed, about
as fast as the Body Blow. Overall a great pecking tool that is way underused
by most players. Home surgery hits high twice, then low, then high again,
and the fourth hit is guaranteed if the third one connects. If your opponent
gets wise to this, you can either change up to the Rejecter, which goes high
twice and then mid, or do 1,1, d/f+3,4. With this you're cancelling the Home
Surgery after the two punches, and then going into the Public Enemy for two
mid hits, which will hit your opponent if he tries to crouch and block the
third hit of Home Surgery. You can also go into the Rejecter and Rejection
strings without doing the first hit (1). When you do this (2,3 or 2,4), and
the 2 connects as a counterhit, the kick that comes after it is guaranteed.
This can make your 2,4 attack deadly against an up close, aggressive
opponent. Whenever you connect with these attacks, you can follow up with
the Body Blow for a chance at additional damage due to it's rather long
range. Mix these attacks up often with a few liberally placed sidesteps to
confuse your opponent, and you should be able to hold your own at close
range.

    -THROWS

    Hwoarang has some of the kuhlest looking throws in the game, so flaunt
them! His throw range is actually pretty good for someone who uses his feet
all the time. When you're at close range, try to anticipate your opponent's
attack, then sidestep and go for a throw. You may be surprised how often
you can score side throws this way, especially against Heihachi, who has a
lot of moves with a very long windup time and poor tracking ability. On top
of this, getting thrown more than once per round gets to everyone at least
a little bit, so add this to your annoyance tactics. One cheap pattern I
found is using the Leg Hook Drop (d,D/B+1+3). An overall good throw to
begin with because it requires two buttons to escape, the Crippler is
guaranteed after this... but try delaying it a second longer. If you time
it right, you can hit your opponent with the Crippler as they are doing
their getting-up attack. This of course means major counter... and I do
mean major! Done correctly, your opponent will instantly be brought to
their feet and turned almost completely around, with a huge delay before
they can move again. Two words: back throw. This is guaranteed both to hit
and to piss off even the most even-tempered player, but what do you care?
You just took off about 60% of your opponent's life bar! To make matters
worse (for your opponent, that is), after the back throw, the Crippler is
once again guaranteed... but, delay it for just a second longer and... well,
you get the picture ;)
    Another trick that may be of limited use to you is the act of delaying
throws. It's a little-known fact that with throws that require directional
input to execute (in this case, f,f+2 , d,D/B+1+3 , and QCB+3), the button
press can be delayed for about a half second after the directional command
is performed. This is due to the new control buffering system in Tekken 3,
which I'll get back to later. Now, ordinarily, this is of little use, but
when the opportunity arises, it can be a very handy trick, indeed. The most
apparent application is with f,f+2. Normally, doing this move causes you to
jerk slightly and go for a grab. Delaying the button press, however, will
cause you to make a small forward dash, thanks to the f,f motion, thereby
greatly increasing the range of this throw from just outside of jab range
to just outside of kicking range. I actually find myself using this move
and it's crouch dash variation (explained below) a lot.
    Now, if we apply this to QCB+3, what happens is interesting. You input
the QCB, then hold back for half a second. During this time, you are able
to block high and mid attacks as normal. You can then (while still holding
back) execute the Doormat simply by pressing 3! Now, the uses for this are
extremely limited, as you can only block something the speed of a single
quick jab (and you must retaliate very quickly), but someday, this may win
a match for you... and when it does, you can say that you owe it all to me!
    Delaying the d,D/B+1+3 doesn't get you much, because you must press the
buttons immediately, but if you do delay, you get a low parry. Hey, it's
something, right?
    In order to maximize your chances of getting a successful special
throw, you can try doing QCB+1+3. What happens is that you're actually
inputting the commands for the Pickpocket, Leg Hook, and Doormat all at
once. This way, you're bound to get one of the throws off. Of course, it
means you end up with a kind of pot luck on which throw it will be, but if
you're a big fan of the Doormat like I am, this can help cover for messing
up it's command input. A bit of insurance, you could say.

    -MORE CROUCH DASH TRICKS

    I decided to put this here instead of with the other section on crouch
dashing because this stuff is a little harder to implement and not quite as
necessary to playing Hwoarang. I actually got the idea of the crouch dash
buffer (which this section is based on) from slikatel's Jin Guide (truly
fascinating reading for any character and play level), and decided to try
to apply this principle to Hwoarang. With this, you can bring out moves
whose controller input ends with "f" (Rolling Jawbreaker, Spinal Tap,
Torpedo Kick) from a much farther range than usual. Believe me, this comes
in handy quite often.
    Basically, you'll want to do a crouch dash, but when you roll through
the d,d/f portion, continue up to f. This is hardly any different from the
regular crouch dash, but it makes all the difference. You then quickly tap
forward once, and either hit 2 for the Rolling Jawbreaker, 3 for the Spinal
Tap, or 4 for the Torpedo Kick. This is really great, because it means that
you can initiate an attack from well outside your opponent's attack range.
Use the Rolling Jawbreaker if your opponent sees you dashing in and decides
to block or reverse an anticipated Skyrocket. Crouch dashing into Spinal
Tap is great for playing wake up games with an opponent that has been
knocked down and is out of range of your normal kicks, and since the crouch
dash acts as a kind of delay, your opponent will likely stand up right into
the hit. At max range for the crouch dash/Torpedo Kick, you could've run in
and tackled your opponent, it travels that far! Of course, if it connects,
you still end up fully behind him for a potential juggle.
    To review, the motion is f,N,d,d/f,f,f+2_3_4. Almost like doing the
crouch dash, and then hitting forward once.
    Going back a moment to Hwoarang's poking attacks, it is also possible
to initiate the Rejecter, Rejection, Home Surgery, and Public Enemy from a
crouch dash. For the first three, simply do the motion as explained and end
with f+1, and then the rest for whichever string you want. Of course with
this, it's impossible to do just 2,3 or 2,4, but the surprise factor can be
worth it. to do the Public Enemy from a crouch dash, you must do the dash,
then tap forward, then quickly tap d/f+3,4. this is kinda hard to get off
in a heated battle and isn't particularly useful, but I'm trying to cover
all my bases here. Mix these up with the Skyrocket, Ecoli, Spinal Tap, and
Torpedo Kick for mid and high hits, the Rolling Jawbreaker when they get
defensive, and the double flamingo sidestep for jinking, and you've got
yourself a crouch dash arsenal your mother would be proud of.

    -CUSTOM STRINGS

    Custom strings, basically, are attacks that are thrown out one after
the other in an order so that they come out quickly and are hard to defend
against. The object is to try to attack several areas of your opponent's
body in quick succession in order to confuse your opponent into blocking
the wrong way. These can be very effective when used carefully, but beware
of your opponent recognizing a pattern in your attack. Hwoarang's strength
in custom stringing is not so much from mix ups, since he has very few low
attacks, rather, it's in his ability to "bait and switch", so to speak. A
simple example of this that we've already seen is 1,1, d/f+3,4. The 1,1
makes an observant player think you're going to follow up with the rest of
the string, and they duck to block and avoid the low and high hits that
they think are coming. Instead, they may get nailed by the d/f+3,4, which
goes mid twice. Most of his customs make use of parts of his tenstring,
either for it's first few quick hits or to fool your opponent into thinking
that you're going to do the entire tenstring.
    When making a custom string, you want to look for moves that come out
quickly and have a good recovery time. It's also preferable that they move
you forward some, although it's not exactly required. Here's some examples
of moves that fill these requirements:

LFF:                     LFL:
  1,1                      1
  1,2                      2,2
  f+2                      d+4
RFF:                       f+3
  2,1                    RFL:
  f+3                      2
  4~f                      1,2
ANY:                       d+3
  WS+4                     f+4
  WS+2
  d+1
  d/f+1+2

    As you can see, Hwoarang doesn't have much variation in the attacks
that he can use in this situation. What he does have, however, is the
ability to change stance with some of these attacks in order to bring out
other ones. Usually, these will be mixed in with some of his other staple
attacks in order to switch up on his opponent. Now let's take a look at
some possible custom strings:

LFF:
  3,3,[3],4,2,f+3,d+4,WS+4,4
  3,3,[3],4,2,f+3,2,d+1,WS+2_WS+4,4

    Of these, you'll notice that both can be initiated from RFF either by
replacing the first 3 with f+3 (in which case, the optional [3] is
required), or by starting from the f+3 later in the string. The first of
these strings is quite useful because the d+4 is a knockdown sweep that,
while slow, can catch your opponent off guard. If your opponent blocks the
d+4, you can go into a d+1,WS+2_WS+4,4 and continue with f+3.

LFF:
  3,3,[3],4,2, 3,3
  3,3,[3],4~f, [1],2,3_4
  3,3,[3],4, 4

    The object here is to feign weakness and entice your opponent into
attacking at a certain point, in this case, right after the 2 in the first
string, after the 4~f in the second, and after the first 4 in the third
string. This first string is one time that the Teaser combo has some sort
of surprise element going for it. In the second string, the 4~f should leave
you in LFF, unlike the regular 4, which leaves you in RFL. In the third
string, there's a small pause between the two right kicks. This way, if
your opponent attacks, the last kick will hit as a counter and cause a
stun.

LFF:
  f+2,d+1,WS+4,4_WS+2

    Just a simple string that pokes a bit and can end with either the
Tsunami Kick or a launching uppercut.

RFF:
  f+3,2,2,3,4, 4,4
  f+3,2,2,3,4, 4,3

    These are examples of using parts of Hwoarang's tenstring in a custom
string. The usefulness of these two is limited, but can sometimes fake out
an opponent by ending with power hits instead of letting them break the
tenstring.

RFF:
  f+3,2,2,3, 1_2_3_4
  f+3,2,2,3, u/f+4
  f+3,2,2,3~B, 3~4_b+3_b+4

    Again, feigning weakness applied. The object here is to end the
tenstring at the fourth hit, which leaves your back to your opponent.
Using the first example, when the opponent attacks, they get hit by your
fast turn around punch, or, preferably, a kick. The second string is the
same principle, although a bit riskier because the u/f+4 comes out a little
slower than a standing attack. On the other hand, the payoff is well worth
the risk, because u/f+4 while your back is turned can launch your opponent!
Use this and you can follow up with a good juggle to really mess your
opponent up! With the third, you turn your back, then hold back to continue
to turn around completely. This puts a little space between you and your
opponent for the next move. You can follow up with the Backlash, Nose
Bleeder-Left, or the Misdemeanor. As a plus, the Misdemeanor has a built in
hopping sidestep to help you avoid attacks, and if the Nose Bleeder connects
as a counter hit, it turns your opponent's side to you.
    Remember, also, that any of these RFF strings can also be done from LFF
by replacing the f+3,2 at the beginning with f+4,1. This is a bit slower,
but is possible.

RFF:
  2,1,d+1,WS+4,4_WS+2

    Another simple poke-and-launch string, this time from RFF. You may
notice that Hwoarang's d+1 doesn't hit low. It actually hits as a special
mid, so it can be blocked either standing or ducking. The purpose of the
d+1 is to help avoid your opponent's jab, which would hit high, and, of
course, to set up the WS move at the end.

LFF:
  3,3,[3],4,2,f+3,1, f,f+2
RFF:
  f+3,2,2,3,4, 4~f,2, f,f+2

    You'll notice that both these strings end with a throw. Right before
this is a quick recovery punch that causes just enough of a guard stun to
make this possible. This is the really fun part, cuz it's doubly annoying
to get pressed by the string, but to then get caught by a cheese throw? No
self respecting player would take this quietly! The only problem here is
that the best throw candidate for these strings is the f,f+2, which is kind
of easy to escape. Your opponent can hit 2 and potentially either interrupt
your string or escape the throw with one button press. Of course, other
throws can be used, I just used f,f+2 for this example because of it's built
in dash buffer. Also, there are many other ways to end strings with throw
possibilities, but I don't want to make this any more drawn out and boring
than it already is...

    -INFINITE STRINGS

    Infinite strings are a special type of custom string. As the name
implies, these are custom strings that can be repeated indefinately with
little or no break in the loop of moves. Most of what I stated about custom
strings applies here, so I'll just list a few examples to get this going...

LFF:
  3,3,[3],4,2, f+3,3,[3],4,2, f+3...

    This is the most common type of infinite. As you can see, it starts
with a few machinegun kicks, goes to RFL, then a punch to switch up to RFF.
after this, the Cheap Shot to go into the LFL cannon kicks and start the
loop all over again. Against an opponent that has no reversal or high/mid
parry, this can be a ridiculously unfair pressure tactic, especially on an
arcade machine that has guard damage enabled. You'll also notice that there
are a few changeups lurking in this string. The [3] can be replaced with
d+3 to add in a low kick, the f+3,3 can change into any of the LFL attack
options, such as f+3,1, f,f+2 for a throw, or f+3,2,2,3,4... to go into the
tenstring. After the 4, you can either hit 3 for a Step Kick, or delay and
hit 4 for the Right Stopper, which stuns on counter.

LFF:
  f+4,2,f+3,1, f+4...

    This one is simpler, but has a few flaws, First, the whole thing hits
high, making a changeup essential here. Second, the f+4 has a slight delay
in which your opponent can counter. On the plus side, though, it's not too
hard to buffer chickens for the attacks in this string as long as you've
got a handle on button and chicken buffering. Usually you'll want to switch
up at f+3 with something like d+3 or d+4, or even f+3,1, f,f+2.

LFF:
  d+1,WS+4,4, 2,1,1, d+1...

    This string is a good overall chageup that relies on poking attacks to
chip away at your opponent's energy. Doing the d+1 helps you avoid high
attacks and hopefully stop any mid or low attacks that your opponent throws
out. You can also go into the Cheap Shot after the WS+4,4 or after WS+4,2
or WS+4,4,2,1. This, of course, leads to many of the other custom and
infinite attack options.

    There really are a ton of custom and infinite string possibilities
available to you at just about any given time. Too many, really, for me to
list them all here. This is another example of how absolutely essential it
is to have a thorough grasp of Hwoarang's stances and stance changes, so
that you can basically throw out massive barrages of kicks at your opponent
at any time. Just keep trying out anything you can think of, and remember
to utilize the power and fast recovery of the Cheap Shot, and change up
often.

    -WAKE UP GAMES

    This is a term used both offensively and defensively to describe what
you should do when you knock your opponent down, or when you yourself have
been knocked down. Of course, the object here is to knock your opponent
to the ground and then keep him there. It's cheap, yeah, but it's a
necessary skill. Besides, when was the last time you saw two people
fighting, one falls down, and the other one actually lets him get up? The
first thing to know here is your ground attacks: those moves that can hit a
downed opponent. Hwoarang's wake up game, though not as good as Jin's,
Nina's, King's, or Xiaoyu's, can be absolute murder when played correctly.
    First on our list here is the simple D+3. This sweep is good overall,
but we need variety. From RFF you have your Chainsaw Kick, the second hit
of which is a pretty powerful ground hit, plus it's a bit of an infinite
string in itself. You should try to tack this on whenever you find yourself
in RFF. The Crippler is another excellent choice if you're close enough.
It's often really easy to toss this in after a knockdown. The first hit of
the Firecracker has good range, but not much power. It does, however, have
another distinct advantage (this is where the fun really starts): If your
opponent is in the process of rolling toward or away from you, you can bust
out both hits of the Firecracker, and if the first part hits, the second
will connect! Unfortunately, you can't juggle off of this unless you catch
your opponent actually doing his getting up attack, but it does knock your
opponent back to the ground, allowing you to start your wake up game all
over again. Another move that works in a similar way is the Spinal Tap. I
just love putting the smack down with this after a good juggle because it
will hit your opponent if they do just about anything but lie there. It
does great damage, but puts you at some risk of retaliation, since they can
block it if they get straight up, or avoid it altogether if they quick
rise. This brings us to the big granddaddy of all ground hits: the Dynamite
Heel. If your opponent doesn't quick rise after being knocked down, they
really put themselves at risk. One of the best times to use this is
directly after a Hunting Hawk. Against most characters, you have to try to
stay out of range of their low and mid kicks, so be careful. Kuma and
Panda, however, have a real hard time stopping this because of their short
legs. It's actually pretty safe to do this if you know you are just outside
of your opponent's rising kick range, because in that case, their only
options are to roll back to try to avoid the hit, or roll forward to try
and hit you out of it... and that takes balls. Incidentally, the Hunting
Hawk is another great tool for wake ups. It brings you off the ground,
thereby neutralizing low sweeps, and it'll send 'em right back to the
ground if it hits. Try running up to a downed opponent to bait them into a
sweep, then dash back and bust this out.

PLAYING ON DEFENSE

    -SIDESTEP OR BLOCK?

    This is a tough call. Most of the time a beginner will be stuck
blocking almost everything, but I don't need to go into the possibilities
of a good sidestep again, so just keep trying stuff. You'll want to be at
least a little familiar with your opponent's moves and general fighting
style. It's a little ironic that sidestepping is more effective against an
aggressive opponent, but also harder to perform under pressure. Avoid
trying to sidestep moves that swing in at an angle, like Bryan Fury's f,f+3
Slash Kick. These types of moves will catch you unless you block. Rather,
you should try to sidestep attacks that move forward and have poor tracking
ability, like Nina's 1,2,1,2 jab strings. Obviously, it's a very bad idea
to try to sidestep an aggressive Eddy player, because his constant movement
enables him to remain facing you almost all the time.
    Try to anticipate what your opponent will do, and weigh the risk vs.
payoff factors before trying anything. Also, remember that the closer you
are to your opponent, the more you wrap around him when you sidestep.
Again, closer = more risk = more payoff. Use the crouch dash flamingo step
as a workaround for this so you can close distance quickly and step around
your opponent.

    -LOW PARRY
    
    "So what?" you may think. This seemingly useless little thing can
actually be your best friend in a tight situation. Sure, it's only good for
low attacks, but that only equals surprise on your side. I swear no one
ever sees this coming. There are some ways that I actually think these
parries are better than true reversals. For one, they can't be chickened,
so the parry is final. Second, you can parry elbow and knee attacks, which
can't be reversed. Third, if you plan ahead, you can get a lot of damage
off for one little parry. It's possible to pull off a Firecracker,
Skyrocket, Ecoli, or Flying Eagle after a successful parry, and all those
usually do at least as much damage as a reversal, plus the juggle
possibilities. It's important to note that after parrying a low kick, the
Skyrocket is guaranteed. This doesn't work against low punches though,
since a punch parry only pushes your opponent aside, while parrying a kick
throws your opponent off balance for a moment. After parrying a punch, you
can try to use Public Enemy (d/f+3,4). If your opponent tries to interrupt
your attack while you have the initiative, you'll likely get a counter hit
on the first kick, which guarantees the second.
    The trick to making parries work for you is knowing your opponent's
moves and their timing. It's not a good idea to try to parry an attack
right out of the blue, unless you're sure that your scrub pattern playing
opponent is going low next. The best time to use a parry is in longer
strings in which you know the next hit is going low. A perfect example of
this is Jin's Spinning Demon (u/f+4,4,4,4). This goes high, low, low, mid
and everyone knows it. Why not take advantage of the fact and parry one of
those low sweeps? Add a quick follow up power hit, and you're in business.
    Of course, you shouldn't try to parry everything that comes your way.
Most low hits are really quick, and therefore hard to anticipate. Others
you may not want to try because they're part of a large string and you'll
get utterly spanked if you mess up. Again it's just a matter of timing and
weighing risk vs. payoff.

    -CHICKEN

    No, not KFC (laugh, dammit...), this is actually the act of reversing
back at your opponent when they attempt to reverse you, and this is indeed
tricky business. I'll use an example to illustrate: you throw a punch (RP)
at Nina, who has attack reversals. She then reverses your attack (b+1+3).
You quickly hit f+2+4. The result? When Nina grabs your arm, you snap it
back and punch her in the face, breaking the reversal! This is all well and
good in principle, but only the CPU has the reflexes to chicken on
response. What this means is that you have to plan ahead and "buffer your
chicken". When you do this, your chicken input for that move is stored in
memory and takes effect if the move is reversed. Taking the above example,
when you hit 2 to attack, you then quickly hit f+2+4 in anticipation of the
reversal that you think is coming. The rules are simple: use f+1+3 to
chicken if your reversed attack was done with 1 or 3, and use f+2+4 if your
reversed attack was done with 2 or 4. The point is to use the chicken for
the appropriate side (right or left) that the limb your opponent reverses
is on. Even though this only works against Paul, Nina, Anna, and Jin's
reversals, it is nevertheless an important skill to at least get some grasp
of. This takes insane amounts of practice, but getting it to work will make
you feel good, so get used to doing it.
    Now, of course, you can't be expected to buffer a chicken for every
move you throw out, so you have to try to pick out moves that are easy to
reverse, such as the Torpedo Kick, Ecoli, Skyrocket, the first hit of the
Hunting Hawk, the second hit of the Teaser Combo, etc. This can also be
applied to hits in longer strings, but remember to stick to attacks that
are easy to reverse when attempting to chicken.
    You should also remember that you can not chicken King's reversals. I
don't know why, that's just the way it is... life's rough. Make note of
this, as King's reversal only works on kicks, so any King player will be
more than ready to reverse the hell out of Hwoarang. Chickens are also
ineffective against parrying, although you may want to buffer chickens
against non reversal characters, just for practice.
    Lastly, there are certain moves that use more than one button to
execute, but can only be chickened a certain way (such as d/f+1+2). Here's
a list of the moves of that type Hwoarang has, and the correct way to
chicken them:

MOVE                   INPUT         CHICKEN WITH

Body Blow              d/f+1+2       f+1+3
Backlash               RFF 3~4       f+2+4
Flying Eagle           LFF 3~4       f+1+3 (first hit)
Screw Kick             RFF f,f+4,3   f+2+4 (first hit)
Dynamite Heel          d/b+3+4       f+1+3
Power Blaster          LFL 1+4       f+2+4

    Remember, you have to chicken for the limb that the reversal grabs.

    -ADVANCED CHICKEN TRICKS

    Yeah, I know it sounds strange, and it really is as wierd as it sounds.
These moves are most likely glitches, but since they're there, you should
try to take advantage of them. Here's how it goes: after successfully
chickening a reversed right kick, it's possible to perform a back throw or
do an attack that will turn your opponent around so that their back is
facing you. Again, this only works when your opponent reverses one of your
right kick attacks and you chicken their reversal.
    To perform a chicken-back throw with Hwoarang, first chicken a reversed
right kick. As the animation of the chicken is completing, do f,f+2 or
d,DB+1+3 (other throw moves MAY work, but these are the easiest). If done
correctly, you will kind of "teleport" behind your opponent and back throw
them. This really looks funky, because you won't actually be in contact
with your opponent when you grab them. This trick works against Paul and
Jin, but doesn't seem to work aganst Nina and Anna's reversals. It also
won't work against King, since his reversals can't be chickened.
    To perform a chicken-turn stun attack with Hwoarang, first chicken a
reversed right kick. As the animation of the chicken is completing, do
d/f+4 or b+4. If done correctly, you will kick your opponent and they will
be turned completely around by the hit, pretty much guaranteeing a free
juggle combo. This is incredibly cheesy, but fun to do. This works against
Paul, Jin, Nina, and Anna, but not against King.
    Both of these tricks are really difficult to do, especially during
match playing. However, you may want to try to get a handle on them,
considering Hwoarang's heavy reliance on his kicks, especially right kick
attacks, like the Skyrocket, Grand Theft, and Torpedo Kick.

    -WAKE UP GAMES, PART 2

    This is where it gets painful. At one time or another, we've all come
up against the "janitors"- types that just sit there and sweep the floor to
hit you. All your strategy is useless if you've fallen and can't get up.
Fortunately, Namco thought to add the quick rise system and that little
jewel, the ankle kick, to the Tekken arsenal.
    The only time the quick rise works is when you fall on your back, but
since this is how you fall most of the time, you'll want to try for the
quick rise whenever you get knocked down in order to keep your opponent off
your back. Beware, however, as this can backfire if your opponent
anticipates it. They can nail you with a power move while you're getting
up, instead of the small kick you would've taken otherwise.
    Your use of the ankle kick should be kept to a minimum, actually, as
it's use is pretty specific. It's fast, but it's range is unbearably short.
Plus, when you use this, you rise automatically afterward, leaving you
helpless and open until you're fully upright. This gives your opponent a
free attack of his choice if you whiff. Use this when your opponent is on
top of you, and you should be fine. Otherwise, mix up the sweep and mid
kick to keep your opponent back. It also pays to remember that the mid kick
has a slightly longer range than the sweep.
    One thing that Hwoarang sorely lacks in his wake up defense is a
rolling lunge and lunging double kick. The double kick was never that useful
(except for Paul's and Yoshimitsu's), but the forward lunge allowed you to
roll out of range of an opponent's keepdown tactics, then leap right back
at him. Without this, Hwoarang has to actually stay pretty close to his
opponent if he wants to get off any type of getting up attack. Because of
this, Hwoarang's wake up defense is slightly limited, so be prepared to
quick rise!

JUGGLES AND COMBOS

    Now, I hope you didn't just skip past the rest of the guide and come to
this section looking for some kuhl juggles, cuz that's not what Tekken's
all about. Your juggles are useless if you never get an opportunity to use
them. From here on, we'll be dealing with (what else?) juggles and stun
combos. Juggle combos speak for themselves and can actually say a lot about
the player doing them. Someone continuously does 3,3,3,3 and 4,4,4,4 after
every launcher, and you can guess they're probably a scrub. On the other
hand, you see someone doing impossible stance-switching juggles (even just
attempting them with some degree of success), and you can likely expect a
good fight.
    First the stun combos. This is when you hit your opponent with a move
that stuns them (duh!), either with a double-over or turn stun when they're
hit, or guard stun when blocked. When this happens, you have an opportunity
to get off some free hits, which is always a good thing. Unfortunately,
Namco, in their infinite wisdom, decided to give Hwoarang only one double
over stun move, so guard stun is what you'll encounter most often. I'll
assume that you know what's going on with the DS combos, but let me get
just one thing out of the way. Most of the time you can just follow up with
some kind of attack to hit your opponent when they begin to fall, but for
some DS combos (such as RFL+4(C), f+3,1,f,f+4), you have to wait just a
second before administering the pain. This is because during the first few
frames of your opponent's falling animation, they are still considered to be
on the ground. If you were to use the above mentioned combo, the f+3 would
end the stun with your opponent's feet still on the ground, and he would be
able to block the rest of the hits as normal. If you wait, however, the f+3
will kind of hit your opponent into the air, where he'll be unable to block
the rest of the hits. If you only use guaranteed combos, like f,f+4,3 or
u/f+3,4,3, then you don't really have to worry about this.
    Guard stun, turn stun, and stagger combos are a bit trickier. Using
guard stun requires that you are close to your opponent, because typically
you'll be going for a throw. An example of this is if your opponent blocks
your u/f+3,4,3. While they're recoiling from the blocked hits, you have an
opportunity to get in a f,f+2 throw. If your opponent expects the throw,
you still have the initiative for the next move after the stun, so you can
try to follow up eith a D+3 sweep or some kind of quick low attack. The
important thing here is to not be predictable. If you get your opponent into
a turn stun, you can follow up with a fast f+3~3 that can't be blocked
because your opponent's side is to you. An even better follow up to a turn
stun off of a blocked Misdemeanor or Snap Spin Kick is the Nose Bleeder.
This has good damage and enough speed to be guaranteed if you're close
enough. Better yet, when it does connect while your opponent's side is to
you, it will turn them around so that their back is to you! For example,
RFF-b+4(blocked),b+3. As for staggers, the most common one encountered is
from a non-counter d/f+2. In this case, it's possible to throw in a
guaranteed f,f+4 Torpedo Kick if your timing is just right. This is the best
possible follow up because of it's good damage and the fact that you end up
behind your opponent when it hits. The down side is that this is extremely
hard to time, and you'll pay dearly if you do it wrong cuz you'll have your
back to your opponent.
    It's a very good idea to have a solid (not necessarily large) library
of juggles committed to memory and practiced through to the point that you
can do them without thinking about it. Take what you see here, pick out
ones you like (c'mon, there's got to be a few...), and use them.
    By the way, although some of these juggles can be escaped by quick
rising, they all DO work...

- Juggles that can be escaped by quick rising are marked as such.

- "Big characters" refers to Kuma, Panda, Gunjack, and True Ogre unless
  otherwise specified.

MOVE:                        # OF HITS: DAMAGE:  NOTES:

UPPERCUT- d/f+2(C)_WS+2_f,N,d,D/F+2

    d/f+3,4                  3          40
    f+4,3                    3          45
    f+4[pause],4             3          36 [41]
    1,2,d+4,4                5          38
    d/f+1,f,f+3              3          47
    1,1,2,4                  5          40
    1,1,2,3                  5          39
    1,1,3,3                  4          37       
    3,3,3,4, 3               5          58

FIRECRACKER- d+4,4

    1,2,d+4,4                6          58
    D+1,WS+4,4               5          51
    d/f+1,1,2,4              6          64
    b+4,b+3                  4          69       #2
    1,f+4,3                  5          64
    f+4,4,d+4,4              6          72       #1
    b+4,d+4,4                5          71       #2
    b+4,4,3                  5          72       #2
    u+3,1,f+4,3              6          70
    u+3,1,f+3~3              5          59
    u+3,1,f,f+4              5          65
    u+3,1,d+4,4              6          70       
    u+3,1,3~4                6          69
    u+3,1,4,4,4,4            7          72       big characters only
    b+4,f+3, 4               5          75
    f+2,1,4,3                6          62
    f+2,1,f+3, 4             6          76       #3
    f+2,b+3,d+4,4            6          70       #4 big characters only
    f+4,2,f+3, 4             6          77
    3,3,3,4, 3               6-7        74

GRAND THEFT- (RFF)f+4~4

    4,4                      3          45
    1,4,3                    4          43
    2,1,d+4,4                5          44
    f+3,3,3,4, 3             5-6        70-80
    F+(3~3)                  3          48
    2,1,f+3, 4               5          55
    f+3,b+3                  3          60
    b+3,f+4,3                4          63
    f+3,1,f+3~3              4          59
    f+3,1,d+4,4              5          60
    f+3,1,f+4,3              5          70
    f+3,1,3~4                5          78
    f+3,1,4,4,4,4            6          73
    f+3,1,f,f+4              4          69
    f+3,1,1,2,4              6          69
    f+3,1,1,2,3              6          60
    4~f,2,f+3, 4             5          62
    4~f,2,f+3,b+3            5          64
    4~f,2,b+3                4          52
    4~f,2,4,3                5          55
    4~f,2,4~f,3              5          61
    4~f,2,f,f+4,3            5          66
    3~4                      2          63       big characters only
    b+3,f+2,d+4,4            5          66       #4 big characters only
    f,f+4,3                  3          47
    2,u+3,4                  4          48
    f+3, 4,3                 4          69
    f+3,b+3, d+4,4           5          73       #5 big characters only
    f+3,b+3, f,f+3           4          85-100   #5 big characters only
    f+3,b+3, 1,2,3, [f,f+3]  5-6        75-112   #6 True Ogre only

SKYROCKET- f,N,d,D/F+4

    u/f+3,4,3                4          56
    3~4,d+4,4                5          67
    3~4,b+4                  4          63
    f+3, 4,3                 3          54
    f,f, u+3,4,3             4          67
    f+2,1,4,3                5          53
    f+2,1,4,4                5          56
    U/F+4,f,f,1,1,2,4        6          62
    U/F+4,3,3,4, 3           6          68
    U/F+4,d/f+1,d+4,4        5          60
    U/F+4,3~4                4          67
    U/F+4,f+4,3              4          65
    d/b+3+4                  2          60-70    #1
    f+4,1,4,f+4              5          62
    f+4,1,1,2,4              6          66
    f+4,b+4                  3          58
    f+4,2,4,3                5          64
    f+4,2,4,4                5          65
    f+4,2,f+3, 4             5          70
    f+4,2,f+3,b+3            5          73
    f+4,2,u+3,4              5          67
    f+4,2,f+3,3,3,3          6          73
    f+4,2,f,f+4,3            5          68
    3+4,3~4                  2          66<72>
    3+4,f+3, 4,3             4          73
    F+3+4~f+3, 3,3,3         5          75
    F+3+4~f+3, 3,3,4, 3      6          82
    3+4,f+3,3,3,4, 3         5          74
    3+4,f,f+4,3              3          48
    3+4,f+4~4,4,3            4          55
    3+4,f+4~4,4,4            4          58
    3+4,f+4~4,d/f+3,4        4          57
    3+4,f+4~4,4~f,3          4          57
    3+4,f+4~4,b+3,d+4,4      5          67       #1
    3+4,4~f,2,f,f+4,3        5          69

MACHINEGUN KICKS- 3,3,3,3

    3,3,3,3                  8          95
    3,3,4, 3                 8          101
    4,4,f+4                  7          89

RIGHT STOPPER (STUN)- RFL+4(C)

    d/b+3+4                  2          77
    f,f+4,3                  3          49
    d+4,4                    3          44
    3~4                      2          74
    u/f+3,4,3                4          55
    f,N,d,D/F+4              2          44
    3+4, f,f+3               2          45       big characters only
    d/f+3,4                  3          51       wait for opp. to fall
    4,4                      3          45       wait for opp. to fall
    4,3                      3          50       wait for opp. to fall
    f+3, 4                   3          54       wait for opp. to fall
    f+3,1,f,f+4              4          62       wait for opp. to fall
    f+3,1,d+4,4              5          59       wait for opp. to fall

ON THE GROUND SWEEP- 3 WHILE FACE DOWN, FEET TOWARDS OPPONENT

    WS+4,4                   3          27
    WS+4,d/f+1,d+4,4         5          35

CUTTER SWEEP FLOAT- LFL-d+4_RFL-d+3

    WS+4,4                   2-3        31
    d+4,WS+4,4               3          34       #1
    WS+4,d+4,4               4          42       #4 big characters only

REVERSE JUMP KICK- (BK)u/f+4

    f+4,3                    3          52
    u+3,2,d+4,4              5          57
    u+3,1,f+3~3              4          54
    3,3,3,4, 3               5          60
    4,4,4, 3                 5          56
    - Most Firecracker juggles work after the (BK)u/f+4.

 1: These juggles are escapable by quick rising even if done correctly.
 2: These juggles will not work if the Firecracker hits as a counter.
 3: This juggle will not work if the f+2 flips your opponent to face down.
 4: These juggles are -not- escapable if done correctly (your opponent
    should be flipped over during the juggle).
 5: With these juggles, do the f+3,b+3 as early as possible so that it
    flips your opponent, thereby guaranteeing the last hits. These work on
    Kuma, Panda, and Gunjack, but will not flip True Ogre.
 6: With this juggle, do the f+3,b+3 as early as possible and immediately
    go into the 1,2,3 (the 2 will whiff). One of these last two hits should
    flip True Ogre, thereby guaranteeing the f,f+3 ground hit.

IN CONCLUSION

    Well, I hope this guide has been of some use to you... lord knows I
spent a lot of time on it. I guess this is the part where I leave you with
some deep thought to ponder for a while. Okay, I can do that! Here it is:
PRACTICE! Nothing in this guide can replace the actual experience of
learning by doing and being done upon. What I've put here should be used as
the ground work for designing your own personally tailored style of play.
Just remember to try to stick to your strengths, and try new ways of doing
things whenever possible. Always try to take advantage of every situation,
and never give up a fight until you see a big K.O. on the screen.

CREDITS

First off, I'd like to thank my girlfriend, Monica, for always being there
for me, for always putting up with my Tekken habit, for never failing to
make fun of Hwoarang whenever I pick him, and for playing a pretty mean Lei
Wulong...

I'd like to thank all my co-workers at Electronics Boutique, for giving me
the inside track (remember when they said Tekken 3 on PSX couldn't be
done?), and for giving me a job close to an arcade. "Yallgoddattekkenthree?"

Kitana, for agreeing to post this on her site. Check it out... it rocks:
   THE ALTAR TO HWOARANG
   http://www.geocities.com/TimesSquare/Arena/7917/index.html

Everyone from the Tekken Web Project and Tekken.net, the Faceless Master,
1TruKing, Precision, and all the gamers whose strategies, insights, and
faqs helped me become a better player (and inspired me to write this...)

Tragic and Slikatel, for making the best damn Tekken 3 guides available
anywhere... and for free! Too bad about Tekken.net, though...

Teemu Nuutinen (hope I got your name right ;) and Red Smoke, for all the
feedback, correspondence, and juggles. I hear that Red Smoke has a Hwoarang
guide out also, so check it out... I command it...

Special shout out to Aoi, for being tha crack-fiend-like psycho-jugglin'
maniac that he is... good luck in the Army, man. "I am... in a world...
of shit..." Sorry, a little Kubrick humor there...

Finally, to Darren, Rick, and Dan, who, for the past year, have been the
ultimate sparring partners. You guys taught me many things: the value of a
well timed sidestep, throws for offense and anti-throw tactics for defense,
and the unspeakable horror of the Rolling Death Cradle! Death should be
savored like fine wine, indeed...

We should all do it again sometime...


IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS...

... or if you've got a good juggle, or just want to bitch me out for not
doing a Paul faq or something, just e-mail me. That's gargoylesox@juno.com





cut the words and wave goodbye and drop off the edge of the world...
