=====< Kuma FAQ. version 1.0 >=====

Written by Greene, "The Bear"
jk66@cornell.edu

Table of Content

1) General Description of the character Kuma
2) Crucial Move list: Moves that you WILL use and will USE only
3) Strategy Guide with Kuma

This FAQ will be quite brief, because I began to play with Kuma for a brief
period, and still there are a lot to be discovered in this huge character.
Yet, I think it is very useful to share what I know with other people,
because I believe that the excitement of Tekken2 comes not from beating
button-smashers, but from a match with skilled players. Then, without
further delaying, I'll talk about our cute yet dangerous bear, Kuma.

1. General Description of Kuma

Kuma is very slow, yet deadly character in the game. He has a few combos
that is not hard to pull off yet is very dangerous. Even though most of his
attacks are focused on a close-range attack, he also has some long range
attacks. The only serious flaw that Kuma has is that it is extremely hard
to spice up upper and lower attacks with Kuma due to his slow movement. If
you don't trust my word, you can look at his combos. Other than his
10-string combo, NO other combo actually spices up the upper and lower
attack, in contrast to many other characters. Thus if you really are going
to use Kuma... well, you will have to have some kind of 'commitment' to
this slow bear... or this will be just somebody's teddybear to toy with.
Then one might ask... why I am using this character. As a matter of fact, I
wanted to write FAQ about one of those glamourous characters such as
Heihachi, Paul, King or Michelle (My goddess) but... someone else already
took it so I couldn't!

2. Crucial Move List.

There are Kuma's move list in any Tekken Site. If you really want to
'research' Kuma, get that move list.
( Chances are... you will find it pretty much useless because Kuma's attack
tends to stay in one spot. )

Legends.
F,B,U,D : Holding the stick
f,b,u,d : Tapping the stick
Left Punch Right Punch

    1   2
    3   4

Left Kick Right Kick

When there is '+' sign, that means either you press, or press and hold
'simultaneously.'
A comma means the progression of moves, such as 1,1,1 meaning press left
punch three times.

1. Grabs
1+3 Hell Press
2+4 Bear Hug
F+2+4 Mauling
2+4 (Behind) Long Toss. One thing to remember. Kuma is different from other
character with the backthrow. For instance, if you press either 1+3 or 
2+4 with Michelle, if she is behind somebody, she will do the German Supplex. 
But if you press 1+3 instead of 2+4 with Kuma, he is so dumb that he will do 
Hell Press instead of Long Toss!!

2. Other techniques. (That you will use in any occasion)
1,1,1 Punch Combo.
f+1,1,1 Heaven Cannon
d/f+1,2,1,2
or d/f+2,1,2,1 Uppercut Rush
D+1+2 (when lying) Spring Hammer Punch
3+4 Sitting
u/f+3+4 Hip Press
1,2,1,2
(while Sitting or after
Hip Press or after Spring
Hammer Punch) Bloody Claws
D+1,1,1,2,(F or D/F or D)+1 Bear Rush
b,f+2+3 Salmon Hunting.
B+1+2 Terrible Claw (Unblockable)
D+2,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1+2,1+2 10 String.

There are a lot more, but as I found, they are virtually useless. If you
don't think so, please mail me. Write specific occasion, and the specific
move that worked precisely in that occasion. As I told you above, I haven't
been playing Kuma for that long yet, thus any suggestion is welcome.

As an attentive reader might have found, Kuma's combos are concentrated on
one spot, and thus it is clearly easy to block if anyone sees it coming.
This will be the clear flaw with Kuma. If you have any suggestion to spice
up upper and lower attack without loss of time, please mail me.

3. Strategy Guide for Kuma.

As I emphasized from the beginning, Kuma is slow, so if he misses any
attack, he is as good as dead. Yet, he is very powerful, and his power
compensates more than enough for his slowness. Thus if anyone is going to
use Kuma, he will have to make advantage of this fact.

a. vs CPU.

From Round 1 to 3.

Even though Kuma is slow, no one should have a problem in THIS stage unless
you are Forrest Gump or lower. The main strategy here is: At the beginning,
maul the opponent. Mauling will give a damage of 45%
After that, do 1,1,1 combo (Trust me, he is DEAD, if he gets all three
hits) If he blocks on the second hit, don't go to the third hit. The
opponent will attack you with lower punch (Itzy Bitzy... that sucks!) If
he/she blocks the combo, step away and WAIT till he does something wrong.
Chances are, he/she will try upper body kick. Wait till that is over, and
as soon as Kuma blocks it, counter with f+1,1,1. Heaven Cannon is the only
FAST weapon that Kuma has, and this works fairly well. Using Bear Hug
(33%-40%) on the finish is very effective, too. Just make sure you don't
use Kuma's Bloody Claws, because you have to save it for the future. -
well, unless otherwise you lose. :P
From Round 4. to Round 7

This is where the game gets harder. If you are playing against one of those
bitches (Nina or Jun) or bastards (Law or King) you will have to resort
mainly on Bloody Claws from now on. You won't be able to grab with ease. If
you just walk up and try to grab... well, they will break your throw
easily, too. From now on you have to rely on opponent's mistake (missed
combo or missed kick, whichever that needs lots of recovery time) You have
to time yourself well. Or your Kuma will absorb all the combo hits with no
chance of counter attack. Yet, you still can maul and hug people after they
miss their stupid combos

1. vs Lei
Lei is always easy. Just duck and wait till he does his moronic turning
fist. After the second punch, you can deliver the long toss (70%) After two
throws, he is dead meat

2. vs Nina or Jun
They are real bitches. You can't really grab them unless they have
committed real grievous mistakes, or still you are playing Round 4.
(occasionally, you will miss throw even in Round 3 if you are playing
against those bitches) Don't worry. There is a bitter medicine for them
anyway. (For everybody, actually)
Get one step back, sit down and do bloody claws. If you do Bloody claws,
you will notice that as Kuma swings his claws, he advances one step each
time. Thus if you are not that far away, the last two shots will connect.
Don't rejoice yet. After the bloody claw, roll BACKWARD or Nina will
deliver that nice and nasty combo on your poor Kuma with no sweat. (in case
of Round 7, that is) After you roll back, both bitches will run at you.
Don't let them 'stomp' u. Jump up and then turn around. What if they don't?
Go one step front and sit down... Bloody claw again. This is what you do
after all. Try to grab them after missed combos occasionally. Due to the
long arms, Kuma can actually deliver Bear hug after Nina or Jun
accidentally miss a throw. Anyway... chances are, you will have to rely on
the bloody claws.

3. vs Michelle
Oh, she is hot, isn't she? (Some claim that Nina is the hottest, but Fuck
that! Michelle is the best!!) Yes, she is very pretty and good looking...
and also good-natured. She will let you do whatever you want unless you are
playing on 7th round (everyone turns either bitch or bastard on 7th round,
so it's not her fault after all) Enjoy your game. Just remember not to
abuse those grabs. She will break it on round 2 if you do. If she keeps
being a bitch... there is a prescription written above.

4. vs Yoshimitsu or Heihachi
These yucky males have one common figure: Easy to dupe and easy to finish.
You will be able to do mauling on both of them right at the beginning, if
you didn't abuse that skill in the first three. Maul them. After that...
just wait and see. Keep your distance so that they can't grab you. Chances
are:

a. Yoshimitsu will do his stupid two-kick combo. Right after the second
kick, deliver Heaven Cannon (f+1,1,1) He doesn't learn his lesson anyway...
wait till he does this and finish him with it.
b. Heihachi will try that stupid upper round kick. Right after that kick,
again, deliver the beloved Heaven Cannon. This does wonder!

What if that doesn't work? You still have the magic prescription called
Bloody Claws. They are really powerful tools that Kuma can pride in. Try
using them... the usage is in Nina section.

5. vs Jack 2

This slow and yucky character has a same trait as Kuma. This WILL be a
power game. Well, the only difference is that you have brain, which he
doesn't. Unless he is on 7th round, you can try anything you want... well,
don't hug him. I reserve that move exclusively for girls :)
Again, if you are stuck, you can get yourself away with bloody claws here

6. vs Law

This guy sucks! I mean, he is the only guy that you can NEVER grab after
5th round (well, bosses are born assholes, so exclude them) Sit down and do
bloody claws... you will realize that this is the most wise decision you
can ever make against this guy. What if he does his stupid Dragon's fang
attack? Oh, Thank him and do Punch Combo 1,1,1 and he will stay on the
ground for a LONG time.

7. vs King

Well, I never had any problems against any other people (well, against
girls, tho, cuz of my weird sexual pervertedness... trying to finish
Michelle with Bear Hug on Round 7, hahaha) this one has been the pain in
the ass for a long time. If you see him after round 5, first pray to god.
That's all you can do (Humph) The only tip I can give you is that you will
have to live ducking (1) or you will get his multi, which hurts like shit.
Secondly, you will have to stay 4 steps back or he will willingly deliver
Frankensteiner (2) The second problem has been solved for me, because if
you can have exact timing, you can deliver either f+1,1,1 or 1,1,1 combo
while he is flipping on the air. But for the first part... Nah, not yet.
Still needs lots of practice.

Round 8.

You will meet Paul here. (well, if you continued as the second player and
kicked your buddy's ass to play, it's different story. You will see one of
those other middle bosses. That's the due you will have to pay for being
nasty to your buddy (j/k) I didn't fight against middle bosses yet, so I
will have to write about it when I update this FAQ) This is so damn easy.
This round is where you use one of the skills that you never used yet: Hell
Press. Stay one step away so that he will MISS his stupid falling leaf
combo. As soon as he finishes the combo (as soon as Kuma blocks his elbow
attack, that is) press 1+3 and Paul is down. Due to Kuma's sooper-dooper
heavy weight, Paul will stay down for a LONG while (about 7 secs or so) Do
it again!! He loves it, anyway (Nothing sexual here) After the second hell
press, he will get up and try to do that stupid falling leaf again. step
back and wait till he misses. After he misses his second falling leaf,
trust me he is dead (Just like Lei)

What if Hell press doesn't work? Don't worry. Kuma has enough weapon to
work his way out with. If Hell press doesn't work... simply do 4 (Right
kick, simple one) in place of the Hell press. Make sure you keep the
distance. You should be all right. Just remember that if u r carrying out
this option, this will work 100% unless you have mistake in placement, but
Paul will get right up after he gets hit, so you don't have the chance to
kick him again, like you could with Hell Press

Round 9.

Kazuya. The Asshole. Key to this guy is: Stay AWAY. 3 steps precisely. Or
he will deliver his deadly dragon punch. If u get that, you are DEAD (Trust
me, you are dead) He will run at you, stomp you, sweep you and keep kicking
you while you are down. Stay away. When he approaches to you, run away.
Run!! I mean it. and as soon as you get the distance of 3 step, sit down
and do the bloody claws. That's all you can do. absolutely nothing else.
(This round is not that hard, if you know how to deal with the sitting down
and bloody claws

Round 10.

Devil. THE Bastard. You will have to suffer for a while till you get the
right distance. If you are far away, he will air-laser you, and if you are
too close... Trust me, you are dead again. the right distance here is
again, 3 step, but in round 10, it doesn't really have to be 3 step. When
the round begins, sit down as soon as possible. Do the bloody claws. Avoid
ANY contact, and as soon as you get the distance, sit down and do the
bloody claw. If he dares to air-laser you... if he is on the ground, you
can still duck, and if he air-laser you, jump up and you should be able to
avoid the laser. And if he air-lasers you, make sure you run at himafter
his air-laser. You will be able to stomp him on his way down. Other than
that... just same shit. sitting down and bloody claw... sitting down and
bloody claw...

*Special Tip*

If someone hits you to the ground, DON'T roll to get up. Wait till the
opponent comes close and do
D+1+2. This will initiate bloody claws right after the spring hammer. This
is extremely useful. Make sure you use this skill as much as possible,
should u get pounced to the ground.

vs Human characters:Due to the fact that my career with Kuma is not long, I
am not really good at fighting against human characters with Kuma yet. I
even lost to one of those button-smasher the other day! (I couldn't believe
it myself!!) Anyway, because of that fact, I can't really provide any
useful tip that can help you fighting against human characters. Sorry about
that. I will try to fight against as many humans as possible, and I will
fill up this page on the next version, I promise.

Kuma... well, I know he sucks... all my favorite characters are taken now!!

Greene, 'The Bear'
jk66@cornell.edu
