


                                 An Armor King Faq
                                        by
                                    Matt Kendall
                                 LBSV63A@Prodigy.com

        Contents:
             I.  Introduction
            II.  Techniques
           III.  Technique Summary
            IV.  Play Vs. Computer
             V.  Play Vs. Human Opponents
            VI.  Some Armor King Cheeze
           VII.  Credits

                               Note:  This is thorough!

                                     Introduction

             This is the first time I've written something like this;
        hope it's what you want. . .  Armor King is King's sub-boss in
        Tekken 2.  Although Armor King doesn't have nearly as many holds
        as his counterpart, he is still a powerful character.  His two
        key moves, the Steiner Screwdriver and his Jump-In Super Knuckle
        Bomb, both do a good deal of damage, and usually catch opponents
        off guard.  Also, his Ali-Kicks are quick and effective against
        human opponents.  If your machine doesn't have Armor King as a
        selectable character already,simply move to King, move left, press
        and hold start, move left again, back right, release start, and
        finally move right one more time back to King.  You should now
        have Armor King as your character.

                                      Techniques

             You should know by now what the abbreviations stand for, but
        for those of you who don't:
                                       Left Punch 1  2 Right Punch
                                        Left Kick 3  4 Right Kick

        b, d\b, d, d\f, f, u\f, u, and u\b:  Stand for back, down and back,

        down, etc.  The lower case letters should indicate to tap the
        joystick in that direction.

        B, D\B, D, D\F, R, U\F, U, U\B, and N:  Again, back; down and back;

        down; etc.  Capital letters, however, signal to hold the joystick
        in that direction.  "N" signals to have the joystick in the neutral

        position.

        (HCT) and (WC):  (HCT) represents "half-circle toward," which means

        to start the joystick in the back position, and circle around to
        the forward position.  In other words:  b, d\b, d, d\f, f.
        (WC) stands for "while crouching".

        A (+) means to press buttons, or move the joystick and press buttons

        at the same time.  Example -- 1+3:  Press left punch and left kick
        simultaneously.

        Finally, a (,) means to do the next move right after the previous
        one.  Example -- 1,2,1:  Press left punch, then right punch, then
        left punch.

                                 *Grappling Techniques*

        1+3                                 Coconut Crush
        2+4                                 Suplex
        (During the Suplex) d, d, D+1+2     Steiner Screwdriver
        (From behind opponent) 1+3 or 2+4   Reverse DDT
        d\f+3+4                             Frankensteiner
        d\b, d\b+1+2                        DDT
        d\b, f+1+2                          Tombstone Piledriver
        d, d\f, F+1                         Jaguar Driver
        f, HCT+1                            Giant Swing

                                 *Special Techniques*

        1,2,1                               1-2 Uppercut
        (WC)+3+4+(4 1-5 times)              Ali-Kicks
        d+3+4,2                             Ali-Kick, Smash Uppercut
        f,f+2                               Middle Smash
        f,f+1+2                             Flying Cross Chop
        f,f+4                               Jail Kick
        f,F+3+4                             Drop Kick
        3+4                                 Delayed Drop Kick
        f,f,F+3+4                           Satellite Drop Kick
        d,D\F+2                             Dynamite Uppercut
        u\f+1+2                             Knuckle Bomb
        (WC)+1+2                            Short Elbow Drop
        D+1,N+2                             Low Jab, Uppercut
        f,f,N+2                             Stomach Smash
        u\f or u,N+3+4,4,4                  Jumping Ali-Kicks
        U or U\F+1+2                        Elbow Drop
        U\F+3+4                             Double Knee Drop
        b+1+4                               Straight Arrow
        f+1+4                               Black Shoulder
        f,N,d,D\F+1                         Dark Uppercut
        u\f,N+1+2                           Jump-In Super Knuckle Bomb
                                                   (Unblockable)
        1,2,1,1,2,4,4,4,1,(1 or 3 or 2)     Ninestring

                     Please note that these moves were taken from:
                  Eric & Luke's Tekken 2 Frequently Asked Questions
                                 (The Luke Mook)
                               Abstract Version 1.0
                              lukejedi@ix.netcom.com

                           Summary of a Few Techniques

             This section will focus in on some of the more effective
        moves.

             Steiner Screwdriver:  One of the main reasons I like Armor
        King. This move is very easy to execute as it starts off of one of
        the basic grabs, the suplex.  Also, the timing on the Screwdriver
        isn't so restricting like King's and Nina's multi-throws.  It can be

        set up from when Armor King is lifting the opponent into the air to

        when he is just about to fall back.  And, unlike King's suplex,
        Armor King will hold the opponent in the air for a second of two
        giving you time enough to administer the Screwdriver.  Also, when
        you plant your opponent's head into the ground, they will take
        about 45% damage on most machines.

             Ali-Kicks:  Although these low kicks are fairly weak, they are

        so quick that your opponent will usually not block the first two.
        If you start a set of Ali-Kicks, you can usually only get in three,

        in which the last one can be blocked.  Armor King recovers slowly
        from the Ali-Kicks, so unless you're playing against someone who
        doesn't know how to defend against them, it's best to only deliver
        two Ali-Kicks.  This way, your opponent will be stunned briefly
        while you recover.  If you happen to catch your opponent with a
        set of Ali-Kicks while he\she is in the middle of a combo, you
        should see a yellow swirl when the first kick connects, and should
        be able to give five unblockable kicks.

             Giant Swing:  This move, although it takes a second to set
        up and is somewhat tricky to do, will cause almost 70% damage to
        your opponent!  Armor King will knock the other fighter down, grab
        their legs, and swing them around several times, and finally fling
        them across the screen.  This move will usually catch the computer
        off guard at the beginning of matches giving you a quick advantage.

             Tombstone Piledriver:  Another tricky move to set up, but
        well worth the effort.  Armor King will set up the opponent in much

        the same way as the Jaguar Driver, but will drop to his knees,
        slamming the opponent's head onto the ground.  This move will take
        off about as much energy as the Giant Swing.

             Frankensteiner:  Flipping over, Armor King will wrap his legs
        around the opponent's neck, then reverse his momentum, pulling his
        opponent over and into the ground.  This move is very useful against

        the computer, but doesn't work too well against human opponents.
        If the Frankensteiner is done too far away, you might just knick
        the opponent with your heels, damaging the opponent slightly and
        leaving yourself open for a cheap ground kick.

             Straight Arrow:  This is another useful move against the
        computer.  Armor King will side step, changing his axis, reel back
        with his fist, and give a straight punch.

             Black Shoulder:  This move causes Armor King to charge,
        burying his shoulder into the opponent.  This is a useful move to
        do when an opponent is finishing up a combo from too far away.
        Start the move right before the opposition finishes up the last hit.

        You should bulldoze your opponent before they have a chance to
        block.

             Dark Uppercut:  This move is the same as Kazuya's Dragon
        Punch.  You take a quick crouched step, and then spring up fist
        first.  This move either takes off about 25%-75% of your opponent's

        energy.  It depends on what the opponent is doing when you connect.

        This move is useful right at the beginning of the round, as the
        computer usually does not block it.

             Jump-In Super Knuckle Bomb:  This is Armor King's unblockable
        move.  Armor King will launch himself skyward, pulling his entire
        upper body back and charging the hit.  Finally, he comes down with
        both fists on the opponent's head.  This move can also hit someone
        on the ground, crouching or laying down, either way.  It's a
        fairly strong move.  Most human opponent's don't quite know what to

        do when they see you do it.  Usually they just keep walking back
        into your path, setting themselves up for the attack.  It's tricky
        to execute.  I usually just do the same motion as a Knuckle Bomb,
        except I do it much faster.  Just try tapping the buttons and the
        joystick.  The faster the better.  Most of the time when I do this,

        I either end up jumping straight up and punching, taking a short
        hop and punching the ground, an Elbow Drop, or a Knuckle Bomb.
        It's probably one of the most difficult unblockables to do, so
        keep at it.

                           Armor King Vs. the Computer

             The computer is really not that hard to deal with once you've
        played around with Armor King for awhile.  Here are some strategies

        you might want to try:

        Jun:  Wait for her to finish up her Cartwheel Kick; this leaves her

        open for a second.  If she starts her Three-Ring Circus from too
        far away, you can knock her out of it with five Ali-Kicks.  If you
        don't see the yellow swirl on the first kick, then only kick twice.

        DO NOT kick three time if there's no swirl; otherwise, she'll block

        the last one and Cartwheel Kick you before you can recover.  She'll

        also do a little Dashing Uppercut sometimes.  Block it and move in
        on her.

        Yoshimitsu:  This guy is pretty easy.  If he sits down, you can
        give three Ali-Kicks and juggle him.  Wait for him to do his two
        spinning kicks then move in with a few punches.  You can also
        Black Shoulder him right as he's finishing up the second kick
        to send him across the screen.

        Nina:  Wait for her to finish up her little kick combos before
        moving in.  She has two:  one in which she gives a few straight,
        right kicks, and then the a spin kick; and one where she gives a
        right then a left kick.

        Law:  Since most of his attacks are up high, you should hit down
        low.  Wait for him to start his corny punch combo, and then go in
        with some Ali-Kicks.  You can also do this on his kick combo.

        Heihachi:  This is probably the most difficult character to beat.
        He's not shy about doing his Powerbomb or Neckbreaker.  The only
        thing I can tell you is to wait until he misses a kick before
        moving in.  You might want to refer to section VI for a way to
        cheat him.

        Paul:  Wait for him to do his Falling Leaf Combo.  He leaves
        himself wide open at the end for a thorough pounding.

        Jack-2:  Jack-2 is one of the only characters who will not run
        into your Frankensteiner (refer to section VI).  He'll block most
        everything you do.  The key is to wait until he starts his
        Uppercut Rush.  Boot him in the head while he's doing that.  You
        can also use  Ali-Kicks during his Rush.

        King:  King relies heavily on three basic moves:  the
        Frankensteiner, Ali-Kicks, and the Drop Kick.  Just stay back
        from him and he'll end up putting himself on the ground for you.
        Now just run up and kick him.  If he does his Ali-Kicks, block the
        last one, run up a bit, and use left kick.  Listen to King as he
        gets up also.  If he growls, he's going to kick upon standing.
        Position yourself just outside of his kick range.  When he misses,
        move in and knock him down again.

        Michelle:  She's not very hard.  You can either wait for her to
        start her Spinning Sweep and then let her have it with 5 Ali-Kicks,

        or you can wait for her to finish her Sweep Combo and kick her
        in the face.  Your choice.

        Lei:  Simple, wait for him to do his Turning Punches, then grab
        him from behind on his second revolution.  Or, while he's
        turning, kick him in the back of the head.

        Kazuya:  Kazuya is another tough character.  He'll just shrug
        off most anything you do, and kick you in the face.  One way to
        deal with him is to wait for him to miss a kick.  As soon as he
        kicks, you can get in two quick Ali-Kicks.  Another strategy is to
        keep backing off until he does his Ultimate Tackle.  If your fast
        enough, you can hit him with your 1-2, Uppercut.  Or, keep backing
        off until he does his Dragon Punch.  Usually he will miss, leaving
        you time to move in and hit.

        Devil:  Actually, Devil is not quite as tough as Kazuya.  His
        downfall is that he's so aggressive.  Try the same tactics for
        Devil as with Kazuya.  I've also noticed that Devil doesn't really
        keep his guard up when running.  If he knocks you down, and your
        a pretty far from him, get up by rolling backwards.  As soon as
        you rise, start punching.  He should run right into your fists.
        Also, don't worry about fighting fair.  Just keep running up and
        kicking him while he's down; he'd do it to you.

             --For any of the first few characters, don't be afraid to
        run up to them and use the Steiner Screwdriver.  People in my
        arcade always forget about just grabbing the opponent, which is
        usually why they only get to the third character.  After stage 5,
        though, wait for your opponent to move before trying anything.
        Unless it's a grab, they will usually just duck you and counter-
        attack.  Don't be in a rush, otherwise, you'll end up getting your
        ass kicked.--

                              Play Vs. Human Opponents

             There is no way of ever knowing how someone else will play.
        Most people have patterns however that are easily exploitable.
        These people usually play as Law, Lei, Lee, of Baek.

             Law Players:  I absolutely abhor people who play as Law.
        Usually they abuse these four moves:  the straight punching;
        three or four kicks in a row followed by two Rainbow Kicks;
        Rainbow Kicking from across the screen; or continuous jump-kicking.

        For the punching, use Ali-Kicks to knock them out of the combo,
        or wait for Law to finish his last punch, then start your own
        Ninestring.  If the loser you're playing likes to do Rainbow
        Kicks, wait for the second one, then move in for the kill.
        Usually Law players will stand after the second Rainbow Kick,
        leaving themselves open.  This is a perfect time to administer
        the Steiner Screwdriver.  If, however, your opponent always
        stays crouched after the kicks thinking he will get you when
        you miss your grab or punches, boot him in the head with Left
        Kick.

             Lei Players:  I think that Lei players are probably the
        easiest to deal with.  If they lay down, which most Lei players
        do constantly, run up and give three Ali-Kicks. If they're far
        enough away, you could also come down with the Double-Knee Drop.
        Most of the time, when a Lei player moves from the down position,
        they'll try the Sweep\Hook Kick deal.  Simply block the sweep,
        stay down while the Hook Kick passes harmlessly over your head,
        then stand and grab.  Another thing Lei players like to do is a
        high kick, then a low kick. The low kick will always trip you
        if you don't block it.  It's not that difficult to block, though.
        However, Lei players tend to do this high kick\low kick too far
        away from you.  The low kick will always turn Lei away, leaving
        him open to anything you've got.  I find it best to just run up
        and grab Lei.  This way, you'll do the Reverse DDT, powerful and
        fun to watch.

             Lee Players:  Use the same type of strategies for Law players.

        Look for the string of high kicks or punches and go in with the
        Ali-Kicks.  Lee players also like to do his unblockable, which
        can easily be ducked.  Counter-attack after the miss.

             Baek Players:  Out of these four opponent's, Baek players
        are the most annoying to play against.  I can almost say with 99.9%

        certainty that all they're going to do is go straight out kicking.

        Keep your distance and wait to see which kinds of kicks they're
        going to do.  If they're high kicks, you know what to do.  Watch
        for his one kick that will send you sky-high.  If you block it,
        you can usually get in and throw a few punches.  Low kicks are a
        pain, though.  You can't usually get in any Ali-Kicks, as you'll
        be kicked out of sequence.  If you've got enough room and time,
        try the Satellite Drop Kick while Baek is kicking low.

             As for everyone else, they actually play differently.  Here
        are some suggestions, though:

             Run Around -- Dart back and forth quickly.  You might be
        able to fool your opponent into believing you are about to
        close in.  They will usually try a few punches or kicks, which
        should completely miss you.  When you see them finish up, or
        leave an opening in between kicks\punches, move in.

             Run and Gun -- Sometimes opponents like to let you move in
        before they try anything.  I've found that a useful strategy is
        to run at them, and as soon as you're within range, use a left
        kick or start your Ninestring.  The opponent should let their
        guard down the second you punch\kick in order to try to punch\kick
        you.  This usually works pretty well where I go to play Tekken 2
        at.

             Use your Unblockable -- Armor King's Unblockable is tricky
        to do at first, but with some practice, you should get it down.
        Unlike other character's Unblockables which leave them open on
        the ground, Armor King's Unblockable only leaves him open in the
        air.  When most people see little yellow swirls coming out of your
        fists, though, they're usually just going to stand and watch what
        you're going to do.  Another thing about this Unblockable is that
        Armor King will turn around in the air if the opponent moves a
        little too far behind you.  This will surprise opponent's who
        think that they'll get the drop on you from behind.  Make sure,
        however, you don't do this Unblockable up close.  Your opponent
        needs to be 2 to 3 body lengths away for the move to hit.

             Be Patient -- Use this strategy in combination with your
        Run and Gun.  Wait for your opponent to run at you.  Simply kick
        them when they're within range.

             Try to Charge over them -- Some people like to back off as
        far as they can for some reason.  If they do, back off yourself.
        When your pretty far, take off running.  If you're far enough
        away, you will charge right into your opponent sending them
        rolling across the screen.  Even if your opponent kicks or
        punches, you'll just go right through it and bash into them.

             Refer to the next section for a good tactic at the beginning
        of the match.

             Some accessory notes:  For people who like to jump kick,
        keep your joystick neutral to avoid taking damage.  If they like
        to jump high and try to kick on the end of the jump, a straight
        kick will usually take care of that.  Finally, don't use Armor
        King's normal jump kick!  Unlike others' jump kicks, it won't
        stun.  They will merely push you to the side.  Armor King will
        land face down and take some time to get up, leaving you
        completely vulnerable.  If you're going to try to jump kick,
        use the Satellite Drop Kick.  This will stun the opponent on
        contact, giving you time to recover if you didn't knock them down.

                               Some Armor King Cheeze

             Some lame fighting techniques that will cheat the computer.
        Armor King's evil, anyway; why should he play by the rules?

             Use Your Frankensteiner:  The computer loves to run into
        this one.  Stand away from the computer so that it charges at
        you.  Make sure you're close enough, though, so that the computer
        won't run you over with the unblockable Shoulder Charge.  When it
        comes close, execute your Frankensteiner.  You will usually catch
        the computer and slam them.  Do it again and again for an easy win!

             Shift Your Axis:  Again, wait for the computer to run at
        you.  Right when the computer is on you, use the Straight Arrow
        to side-step any attack the computer will do (usually a kick).
        You should slam your fist into the side of the opponent's head.
        Be careful, though.  If you do it too early, the computer will
        just grab you or kick you down.

             Watch the Joystick:  If you're fighting against a
        human-controlled opponent, watch their joystick right before
        the match starts.  If they're pushing forward and hitting
        buttons, start off with your Dark Uppercut.  If they're moving
        back, run up and grab them.  Start with an advantage!

                                    Credits

             Thanks to:
             Anyone cool enough to read this far;
             Bucky and Brendon for getting me addicted to the first Tekken;
             Whosoever puts this on their web page;
             Pete for buying me alcohol;
             The Starcade for having Tekken 2 so I could research;
             And the fools who play as Law, Lei, Lee, and Baek for making
             it too easy. . .;

                             Got a question or comment?
                               So write to me already!
               Tell me what you thought.  You're feedback is appreciated!
                          Write me at:  LBSV63A@Prodigy.com
                                      Thanks!