
                         KAZUYA/HEIHACHI MISHIMA
                             MINI FAQ Ver 1.0
                               By Slikatel


This faq may be distributed freely as long as it remains in its unaltered
form.  Please do not alter or publish it without prior permission from
myself.  If you have any combos, strategies or other special moves for the
above characters that is not mentioned in this faq, and would like to add
them to it please e-mail them to me.  I will add them in a newer version
and give you the proper credit for them.  For any additions, questions, or
corrections please e-mail me at slikatel@metro.net     Enjoy!


This faq is a complete strategy guide for Kazuya Mishima and Heihachi Mishima
for the Sony Playstation version of Tekken.  It includes all of the regular
and special moves as well as a full compilation of combos and overall
strategy for both of these characters.  The first part of the faq is a
standard move and combo sheet suitable for printing.  The second part of the
faq will be a complete breakdown of;  [special moves and their best uses,
a description on completing the combos listed in the faq, and an in depth
look at each part of gameplay using Kazuya and Mishima(grabs, getting up,
moves while running, when to use certain combos, etc...).  Please e-mail any
corrections immediately so that they can be corrected.

     Note that to play as Heihachi Mishima you must first beat the game
     without losing a round.  To play as Devil Kazuya you must first beat
     all 8 stages in Galaga using one continue or less and without using the
     dual ship code.  To pick Devil Kazuya, highlight Kazuya on the arcade
     character select screen and hit start instead of the punch or kick
     buttons.  You cannot use Devil Kazuya in the 2-player mode.  Devil
     Kazuya is only a pallete swap of regular Kazuya and has no other
     special moves.

Joystick movement key:
all movements are done by tapping the direction listed unless otherwise noted

+-press simultaneous
F-forward
B-back
D-down
U-up
UF-diagonal up+forward
UB-diagonal up+back
DF-diagonal down+forward
DB-diagonal down+back
N-neutral
RP-right punch
LP-left punch
RK-right kick
LK-left kick
Hold-hold while performing button sequence
B,B-hop back
/-means or

Moves while running:(stuns- means temporarily stunned if blocked)

F,F,F: Running tackle if no buttons are used
LK:  Jumping side kick(stuns if blocked)
RK:  Sliding leg trip(must run at least 3 steps before initiating)
LP+RP:  Running dive(stuns if blocked,  must run at least 3 steps before initia
ting)

Moves while getting up:

U-stand up
F-roll forward
B-roll back
F+LP+RP-forward roll and diving tackle(stuns if blocked)
B,F+LP+RP-roll backwards then forwards and diving tackle(stuns if blocked)
B+LK+RK-kick up
*LK-roundhouse kick
*RK-forward kick
*D+LK-crouching low sweep
*D+RK-crouching mid sweep
*Note:  All moves can be done after rolling forward or backward as well.

Standard moves:(juggle: knocks opponent into the air)

RP-right jab
LP-left jab
LK-high kick
RK-roundhouse kick
DF+LP-left uppercut
DF+RP-right uppercut(juggle)
DF+LK-mid kick
DF+RK-forward kick
D,N+LP-quick left uppercut
D,N+RP-quick right uppercut
D,N+LK-roundhouse kick
D,N+RK-high forward kick
D(hold)+LK-low sweep
D(hold)+RK-mid sweep
D(hold)+LP-low left jab
D(hold)+RP-low right jab
UB/U/UF+LK-low jumping roundhouse
UB/U/UF(hold)+LK-high jumping roundhouse
UB,U,UF(hold)+RK-jumping kick
UB/U/UF+RP-low pounce
UB/U/UF(hold)+RP-high pounce

Special moves:

Throws:

LP+LK:  Arm Hold, Double Head Kick
RP+RK:  Hip Toss
F,F+LP+RP:  Headbutt

Moves:

LP,RP:  Double Jab
RP,RP:  Jab, Turnaround Backhand
LP,RP,RP:  Triple Jab, Turnaround Backhand Combo
LP,LP,RP:  Double Jab, Power Punch Combo
F+RP:  Turnaround Backhand
UF+RK,RK:  Hopping Roundhouse Kick, Sweep Combo
F,D,DF:  Quick Forward Duck
F,D,DF+RP:  Power Uppercut
F,D,DF+LP:  Jumping Uppercut
F,D,DF+RK:  Power Roundhouse Sweep
F,D,DF(hold)+RK,RK:  Double Power Roundhouse Sweep
D,N+RK,RK:  Double Axe Kick
F,D,DF,N+RK,RK:  Double Axe Kick
DF+LP,RP:  Twin Pistons
F+RK:  Axe Kick
F,F+LK:  Power Axe Kick
UF+RK,LK:  Scissor Flip Kick
UF(hold)+RP+RK:  Hop Back Hard Pounce


HEIHACHI:(note:Heihachi can do all of Kazuya's moves but his double kick and
hip toss grabs.  The rest of these moves are for Heihachi only).

LP+LK:  Noogie, Neck Breaker
RP+RK:  Jumping Body Slam
UF+LK:  Flying Side Kick(stuns if blocked)
UF+LK,RK:  Double Helicoptor Combo(LK must connect for RK to come out)
F,F+RP:  Rushing Uppercut
D+LP:  Tile Splitter
D+LP, F+RP:  Tile Splitter,  Power Punch Combo
D,DF,F+RP:  Power Punch
F,D,DF+LK:  Hopping Power Mid Kick
F,D,DF+LK(hold):  Hopping Power Sweep
F,D,DF(hold)+RK,RK,RK,N+RK,RK:  Triple Roundhouse Sweep,  Double Axe Kick Combo
(can do Double axe kick after first, second or third sweep)
B,B,B:  Sidestep

10 Hit Strings:

F,F+RP,LP,RP,RP,LK,RK,RK,LP,RP,LP:(Works for Kazuya and Heihachi).

Combos:

(Note:  * means Heihachi only.  Also,  these are all juggle combos and I consid
er a combo to have to be at least 3 hits.  There are endless amounts of combos
ending in standard moves, but except for a few special combos,  all of mine end
in special moves for maximum damage.  Feel free to throw in a forward kick for
an axe kick,  or a jab for a power punch if you want,  but I have narrowed the
combos down to the most effective ones.  You can add 1 hit to each combo by do
ing a ground hit at the end, but since they aren't guaranteed hits I didn't cou
nt them in my combos.)  /  means either/or

3-Hitters:

F,D,DF+RP---LP/DF+LP---F+RK:  Power Uppercut,  left jab/left uppercut, Axe Kick
F,D,DF+RP---LP/DF+LP---F,D,DF+RP:  Power Uppercut, left jab/left uppercut,  Pow
er Uppercut
F,D,DF+RP---LP/DF+LP---F,D,DF+RK:  Power Uppercut, left jab/left uppercut, Powe
r Roundhouse Sweep
DF+LP,RP---F+RK:  Twin Pistons,  Axe Kick
DF+LP,RP---F,D,DF+RK:  Twin Pistons,  Power Roundhouse Kick
F,D,DF+RP---F,D,DF,N+RK,RK:  Power Uppercut,  Double Axe Kick
*F,F+RP---F,D,DF+RK,RK:  Rushing Uppercut, Double Axe Kick
*F,F+RP/F,D,DF+RP---LP/DF+LP---D,DF,F+RP:  Rushing Uppercut/Power Uppercut,  le
ft jab/left uppercut,  Power Punch

4-Hitters:

F,D,DF+RP---DF+LP,RP---F,D,DF+RP:  Power Uppercut,  Twin Pistons,  Power Upperc
ut
F,D,DF+RP---DF+LP,RP---F,D,DF+RK:  Power Uppercut, Twin Pistons, Power Roundhou
se Sweep
DF+LP,RP---LP/DF+LP---F+RK:  Twin Pistons, left jab/left uppercut, Axe Kick
DF+LP,RP---LP/DF+LP---F,D,DF+RP:  Twin Pistons, left jab/left uppercut, Power U
ppercut
DF+LP,RP---LP/DF+LP---F,D,DF+RK:  Twin Pistons, left jab/left uppercut, Power R
oundhouse Sweep
DF+LP,RP---LP/DF+LP---F,F+LK:  Twin Pistons, left jab/left uppercut, Power Axe
Kick
DF+LP,RP---F,D,DF+RK,RK:  Twin Pistons, Double Axe Kick
*F,F+RP/F,D,DF+RP---DF+LP,RP---D,DF,F+RP:  Rushing Uppercut/Power Uppercut, Twi
n Pistons, Power Punch
*F,F+RP/F,D,DF+RP---DF+LP,RP---F,F+RP:  Rushing Uppercut/Power Uppercut,  Twin
Pistons, Rushing Uppercut
*F,F+RP/F,D,DF+RP---LP/DF+LP---D+LP,F+RP:  Rushing Uppercut/Power Uppercut, lef
t jab/left uppercut, Tile Splitter, Power Punch Combo
*F,F+RP?F,D,DF+RP---LP/DF+LP---F,D,DF+RK,N+RK:  Rushing Uppercut/Power Uppercut
, left jab/left uppercut, Power Roundhouse Sweep,  Axe Kick Combo

5-Hitters:

DF+LP,RP---DF+LP,RP---F,D,DF+RP:  Twin Pistons, Twin Pistons, Power Uppercut
DF+LP,RP---DF+LP,RP---F,D,DF+RK:  Twin Pistons, Twin Pistons, Power Roundhouse
Sweep
*DF+LP,RP---DF+LP,RP---D,DF,F+RP:  Twin Pistons, Twin Pistons, Power Punch
*DF+LP,RP---DF+LP,RP---F,F+RP:  Twin Pistons, Twin Pistons, Rushing Uppercut
*DF+LP,RP---LP/DF+LP---F,D,DF+RK,N+RK,RK:  Twin Pistons, left jab/left uppercut
,  Power Roundhouse Sweep, Double Axe Kick Combo
*DF+LP,RP---LP/DF+LP---D+LP,F+RP:  Twin Pistons, left jab/left uppercut, Tile S
plitter, Power Punch Combo

6-Hitters:

DF+LP,RP---DF+LP,RP---F,F,LP,RP:  Twin Pistons, Twin Pistons, run, left jab, ri
ght jab
DF+LP,RP---DF+LP,RP---F,F,LP,LP,RP:  Twin Pistons, Twin Pistons, run, Double Ja
b Power Punch Combo(note: The second jab won't hit)

5-7Hitter:  Kazuya Only

DF+LP,RP---F,F+RP,LP,RP,RP,LK,RK,RK:  Twin Pistons,  the first 7 hits of your 1
0 hit string(this hits randomely between 5 and 7 times depending on your timing
).
DF+LP,RP---DF+LP,RP---F,F+RP,LP,RP,RP,LK,RK,RK:  Twin Pistons, Twin Pistons, fi
rst seven hits of 10 hit string(guaranteed 7 hits).





STRATEGY GUIDE


     This strategy guide is meant for anyone wanting to learn to play as
     Kazuya or Heihachi, or anyone who can already play them, but would like
     some fresh insight and some documented combos.  It may be able to help
     you hone your skills a little more and maybe explain a few things
     you didn't already know.  Even though this guide is exclusively for
     Kazuya and Heihachi most of the basic play mechanics(running, getting
     up, grabbing, defending, etc...) can be applied to most of the other
     characters.  I earge every newcomer to Tekken to read this guide even
     if they have no interest in Kazuya or Heihachi.

     The first thing you must learn before you can really excel at Tekken is
     that you must throw all of your MK and SFII gameplay out the window.
     Anyone who plays the VF series will feel more at home, but Tekken still
     introduces some unique gameplay that must be learned to completely feel
     comfortable with it.  First of all there are no fireballs or long
     distance attacks in this game.  The only projectiles used are your
     hands and feet, and the only long distance attacks are from you running
     from across the screen.  This presents a problem for MK or SFII type
     gameplay graduates.  In those type games most combos are started from a
     jump kick(some MK3 combos start at the ground) and most of your counters
     are from people jumping in at you.  In Tekken all combos start from the
     ground and most counters appear from ground fighting.  You can counter
     a jumping opponent, but you will find that you won't be jumping very
     often in Tekken.  The only real time you will be jumping is for a
     pouncing attack on a fallen opponent, or to escape a running opponent.
     You may occasionally jump to the other side of your opponent or maybe
     do a surprise jump kick, but the point I'm trying to convey is that
     almost all of your fighting will occur at the ground level.  There are
     some hopping moves in the game, but you only come about a foot off the
     ground and I don't really consider that jumping.
     The main problem in adjusting to Tekken is learning how to fight in
     close quarters on the ground.  No more fighting from across the screen.
     I think this is what scares most of the SF and MK junkies from this
     game.  The fact that they must fight their opponent face to face scares
     them off.  In my opinion it takes more skill to excel in a game where
     you fight next to your opponent.  It definitely takes faster reaction
     time and better hand eye coordination than most other fighting games.
     I'm not trying to flame other fighting games(I love playing MK3, SF,
     and others of the same type) its only that I'm trying to show Tekken's
     strength over conventional fighting games.  In the next few short
     sections I'll discuss the basics of the Tekken play mechanics.

Blocking:

     The most important part of any fighting game is obviously the blocking
     system.  Tekken uses the tried and true SF blocking system.  Simply
     hold back to block high, and hold down-back to block low.  If you
     played SF or other fighting game using this type of blocking you should
     feel right at home.  No unnecessary block button taking more attention
     from your punch and kick buttons.  There is a new addition of move in
     Tekken called and unblockable move which implies the obvious.  You
     can't block it even if you are blocking.  Kazuya and Heihachi are
     without these moves, I suspect that the programmers felt they were
     strong enough without them.

Countering:

     Countering in Tekken takes place after blocking your opponents moves or
     combos.  Standard move and special move collisions are very
     unpredictable so I recommend blocking an opponents move instead of
     trying to counter with one of your own.  There is only a few times that
     I recommend trying to counter, but I'll explain them later on.

Standard moves:

     Each character has most of the same type of standard moves; jabs, high
     and low kicks, uppercuts, etc...  Some characters have a little
     different variation of these moves but since this faq is for Kazuya and
     Heihachi I'll focus on theirs.  First of all you have three levels of
     attacking in Tekken, high, middle and low attacks.  You can block high
     and mid attacks by blocking while standing, but a low attack will get
     under your block.  When blocking low you can't be hit by a low attack,
     but you can be hit by a mid attack.  You will also be ducking a high
     attack when blocking low.  The mid attacks take care of players who
     like to duck the whole time so you can't hit them.  Most mid attacks
     are performed by tapping DF with your buttons.  Each button should have
     its own mid attack used for different circumstances.  The only other
     type of attack is a ground hit.  Some regular moves like sweeps will
     hit an opponent on the ground, but most ground hits are done by a
     pounce attack and some special moves.

Pouncing attacks:

     Tekken shares VF's ground attack system.  Some people dislike this
     system but no matter what is said against it, it is more realistic.
     Along with sweeps, characters have other moves designed to hit a fallen
     opponent.  There are pounce attacks and hard pounce attacks for each
     character.  Most regular pounce attacks are used by hitting UP+RP, but
     the hard pounces are varied.  Hard pounces take longer to hit so they
     are more risky as your opponent will have more time to get up.  There
     are some special moves that take more damage than a standard pounce
     does, and they also hit faster.  I will discuss Kazuya's and Heihachi's
     pounce attacks later on.

Getting up:

     When you are hit by some attacks or combos you will be knocked to the
     ground.  While on the ground your are susceptible to a wide range of
     ground attacks, however you are also given a barrage of moves to use
     while getting up.  Some are just standard moves done while standing up,
     while others are rolling and diving type moves that will knock down

     your opponent when hit.
     The first thing you must learn about being knocked down is that you
     cannot get up immediately.  You will be knocked down for about 1.5 to
     2 seconds the first time.  If you are knocked down immediately after or
     while getting up you can hop up immediately upon hitting the ground the
     second time.  You must learn the timing if you want to be effective
     while getting up.  I've just explained that you will be unresponsive
     immediately after falling for the first time, so hitting buttons right
     away is futile.  Learn the exact timing and you will have a much better
     chance of getting out of a pounce, or countering your opponent as he
     begins to pounce.

Running:

     Running in Tekken is an essential feature to learn.  Not only do running
     attacks take a good amount of damage, but learning to run can aid you
     in long juggle combos or chasing a fleeing opponent. You must be at
     least a few steps away to initiate a run.  Some moves require a few
     steps in your run before they will work.  I suspect this is for picking
     up sufficient speed to initiate the moves.  Running is also good for
     attacking an opponent who is getting up far away.

Unblockable Moves:

     This section obviously speaks for itself.  There are unblockable moves
     in Tekken, unfortunately Kazuya and Heihachi don't have any.  I guess
     they really don't need any with their combos and powerful special moves.
     The weakness of unblockable moves is the time it takes to do them.
     They are very slow so you will have time to get away or hit the
     opponent before they can initiate it, but beware, if one hits you it
     will take half damage or more.  Some of them can also be canceled after
     they are started so be prepared to punish them for trying.

10-Hit Strings:

     These are a series of moves in a pre-designated order that hit your
     opponents in a various heights.  They aren't true combos because they
     can be blocked at certain points in the string.  They also hit at
     different heights so even if you block the first few hits it is
     possible to still be hit by the rest of the string.  The best thing to
     do is to know all of the 10-hits so you can be prepared to block when
     and where you need to.  If you do happen to hit with all 10 of the hits
     they can take major damage, but broken up into parts they really don't
     take that much.

Stun Moves:

     These are moves that stun your opponent when blocked, but if unblocked
     act as a regular move.  The only stuns that Kazuya and Heihachi have
     are the standard running jump kick and forward dive.  You must know
     what the other characters stun moves are to be effective at avoiding or
     countering them.  Some are very annoying and hard to get out of, so it
     is sometimes best to let them hit you to avoid any worse punishment
     like a grab that can't be avoided.

Special Moves

     This section is an explanation of the best uses for each of Kazuya's and
     Heihachi's special moves.

  Double and triple jab combos:  Good to end a long juggle combo and also
  good for counter-attacking after blocking an opponents hit or combo.

  Quick forward duck:  Not a move that will connect but is invaluable to
  Kazuya and Heihachi.  Once initiated you can do any of the F,D,DF+? moves
  with the press of a button.  You also have about 1 to 1.5 seconds before
  you have to hit your button.  You can do it and choose to delay it or
  initiate your move right away to throw your opponent off guard.  You can
  also throw an opponent at any point in the move.  This gives you a lot of
  leeway when doing this move.  You can also do nothing and surprise your
  opponent with any number of moves once the duck is complete.

    Power uppercut:  Great for starting and ending juggle combos.  Very
    powerful move that is also fast enough to use as a counter-attack.

   Jumping uppercut:  Extremely powerful move that will hit an opponent
   blocking low.  It's drawback is it's slow initiation time, but if it
   hits...BLAM!!!

  Power roundhouse sweep combo:  Very useful move that hits an unblocking
  opponent twice and takes them to the ground.  It hits low and is so fast
  that it is almost impossible to block in time if the opponent isn't
  blocking low already.  It is also a good combo ender, but will only hit
  once, so only use one sweep instead of two.

    Axe Kick:  Easy ender for short combos and does good damage.  It's a
    little slow, but will hit a ducking opponent hard!

Power Axe Kick:  Harder to connect in combos but great for counter-attacking.
It also will hit a ducking opponent and take major damage.


Double Axe Kick:  Very powerful and extremely useful move.  Hits twice when
up close and also hits twice in properly timed juggle combo.  Great for
counter-attacking an opponents moves while ducking or for punishing an
opponent who misses their grab.


  Twin pistons:  Great for starting and extending long juggle combos.  First
  hit is on the ground so adds a free hit to juggle combos.   Hits ducking
  opponents as well which makes it even more deadly.

   Scissor flip kick:  Great attack for opponents on the ground.  Fast and
   good distance for fallen opponent, but will not hit if directly next to
   fallen opponent when initiated.

*Flying side kick, helicopter kick combo:  Good for big characters who are
blocking high.  First hit will stun and second will connect.

*Rushing uppercut:  Good combo starter and ender, but more difficult to
connect than power uppercut.  Its advantage is its range and ability to
sneak under opponents high attack.  Also takes huge amounts of damage.

   *Tile Splitter:  Great for donking ducking opponents on the head.  When
   used with power punch combo it takes good damage and can be used as a
   combo ender.  If Tile splitter hits a ducking opponent, then power punch
   combo will always connect.

  *Power punch:  Excellent combo ender and good for counter-attacking a
  blocked or missed move.  Takes good damage and is great for surprising a
  running opponent.

     *Hopping power mid kick:  Not good for combos, but fast and good
     distance will throw ducking opponents off guard.

  *Hopping power sweep:  Also not good for combos but fast and good distance
  for standing opponents.  Will hit a fallen opponent from far away
  (especially when using the forward duck momentum first) and takes decent
  damage.

*Triple power sweep, double axe kick combo:  Excellent move for nailing a
standing opponent.  If you use 2 sweeps into a double axe kick they will
usually all hit.  Also good for ending shorter combos.  If opponent blocks
first hit make sure you do all three sweeps and the axe kick because the
double axe kick will hit if they are still ducking after the third sweep.

   *Sidestep:  Great for dodging a running opponent.  Also great for changing
   planes and throwing your opponent off guard.

Any moves not specifically listed are not necessarily worthless, they just
have no immediate use.  They are still good for mixing up your attacks to
keep your opponent guessing.



Combos


   This is a brief section on the timing of the combos listed in this faq.
   Timing is the ultimate factor in pulling any of these combos off.  It is
   extremely difficult to explain on paper the timing to do most of these
   combos so I will only offer a brief explanation on some of them.  I will
   basically break down the essentials of juggling and the different parts
   of a juggle combo.  If there are still some that cannot get a combo to
   work, just e-mail me and I will give you the exact instruction on any of
   the combos.  I simply don't have the time to explain every combo in this
   faq, but I assure you that these combos will work.  Every combo in this
   faq is guaranteed to work because I sat at home many nights figuring them
   out.  They were not pulled out of Gamepro or other magazine or faq so
   they are absolutely, positively, guaranteed to work with proper timing.
   To my knowledge this is the first combo faq of its kind.  If there is
   another one out there I would love to read it and compare it to my own.
   If anyone knows of another please e-mail it to me.  I have broken the
   combos into three stages which are explained below.  They are the combo
   starter(first hit), the jugglers(second set of hit(s)), and the finisher
   or enders(last hits).
     The first ingredient in any juggle combo is the first hit.  The first
     hit must knock the opponent into the air to be able to start the
     juggling.  Kazuya and Heihachi have several juggle hits which are
     explained in further detail in the above section.
     The next important part of the juggle combo is the second hit(s), or
     the actual juggling part of the combo.  You want to get the opponent
     high enough in the air to be able to connect with your combo finisher.
     The twin pistons and your left jab or left uppercut are the most
     effective juggler moves.  The jab is best for short, fast combos while
     the left uppercut is great for longer combos because it hits the
     opponent higher in the air than the jab does.  They can be interchanged,
     but sometimes it is easier to use the uppercut.  The Twin pistons are the
     most effective juggle moves for the longer combos.  The problem is that
     the timing is more difficult for this move.  If you go to early the
     second uppercut won't hit, and if you go to late they won't hit your
     opponent high enough.  However is they are timed correctly, your opponent
     will be launched high into the air by the second uppercut and you will
     know you did it correctly.
     Obviously the best part of any combo is the finisher.  This is what makes
     combos fun because the special moves look awesome at the end of a long
     combo.  They also take gobs of damage so the longer combos can drain a
     good portion of your opponents energy.  The only thing that I can really
     say about the timing on the combo enders is that there is no real room
     for mistakes, so do the finisher as early as possible.  The only combos
     that I wouldn't do too early are the sweep enders.  If you go to early
     you will miss them, but finding the exact timing is up to you.  The only
     combo I feel I need to explain is the ones that end in the Double axe
     kick.  If you try and do the move like the manual says and duck and try
     to come up doing the axe kick, it will not work.  Your opponent will
     already be on the ground by the time you actually stand up.  You must
     learn to do the Double axe kick like the dragon punch motion.  It takes
     some practice but once you get it to work your character won't even have
     duck to do it.     You can also do the Double axe kick after the quick for
ward duck so it
     can hit at a good distance as well.


Specific Kazuya Tactics

     This is the last section in the faq and highlights some Kazuya's tactics
     I have devised to be the most effective.  At the end I will also list
     some specific tactics for Heihachi that will not work with Kazuya.
     Remember that all of Kazuya's tactics will work for Heihachi, unless
     otherwise noted.(note that some of the basic strategies will work for
     other characters)
     Kazuya's and Heihachi's main strength is their powerful moves.  Their
     moves take a considerable amount of damage by themselves, let alone in
     combos.  Their combos are also very long and powerful, but take more
     skill to pull off than most of the other characters.  They are not
     extremely fast characters but are fast enough to counter-attack a lot
     of the other characters.  They have the ability to capitalize on their
     opponents mistakes better than other characters as well.  One combo
     from Kazuya can take 3/4 of your damage, while Heihachi can basically
     kill you with his longer ones.  Their main weakness is a lack of stun
     moves or even an unblockable one.  This further strengthens my claim
     that they are so strong already that they don't need any,  although I
     admit that I wouldn't mind seeing them have some (they have them in
     Tekken 2).

     Running:  You will usually be running if you are far away from your
     opponent either from knocking them far away or being knocked far away
     yourself.  Sometimes your opponent will try and get away and it is also
     a great time to run.  As you are running decide what move you will do
     based on your opponents stance.  If he is standing, then trip him up
     with the sliding tackle, or stun him with the flying side kick or diving
     tackle.  If you stun him you can usually get a grab off as they are
     recoiling from the stun.  If they are ducking then do the side kick or
     the diving tackle to knock them down.  You can also just tackle them,
     but I find that useful when running as they are getting up.  If timed
     correctly they will get up in time to be tackled to the ground again.
     You can also stop before you get to them and surprise them with a
     special move of your choice.

     Getting up:  There are many ways to get up, but using the right one at
     the right time is what's important.  Remember, the first time you get
     knocked down you are stuck for about 1.5 to 2 seconds so if your
     opponent doesn't mess up, you will most likely be hit.  This is just
     part of the game, so don't get frustrated.  However, learning the exact
     timing can be beneficial if they slip up and don't get to you in time.
     If they pounce on you late, do the backwards roll and forward dive
     while getting up.  If you time it correctly they should miss you and be
     hit by your dive.  You can also use the forward dive effectively if
     they are close to you but aren't doing anything.  The forward roll and
     dive has good range so even if they are a ways from you it can still
     hit.  Even if they block it they will be stunned and then you can grab
     them as you come out of your roll.  Only do the kick up if your opponent
     is directly next to you and trying to do a move.  If you do it and they
     block it, you are wide open for a counter-attack.  I generally only use
     the standard moves while getting up to throw my opponents off guard.
     Also remember that if you get knocked back down while trying to get up
     you can instantly pop back up as soon as you hit the ground.  You should
     also realize that you don't have to get up right away so you can play
     dead an extra second or two and entice your opponent to step into a trap.
     The most important thing to remember is that timing is everything while
     getting up.

     Grabbing:  Grabs are a very important part of Tekken gameplay.  I do not
     consider them cheap because all you have to do to not be grabbed is duck.
     The best time to grab is if you duck out of your opponents grab and do
     a counter grab.  You can also grab as a counter-attack or just run up
     and grab someone off guard.  Since grabs are fairly easy to get out of,
     there is a nasty punishment for missing one.  There is about a second
     of time where your opponent can't block after missing a grab and there
     are a few ways best suited for dealing with them.  First is to simply
     counter them with a grab of your own.  This is the easiest way, but
     there are others that are better.  Since you are already ducking, you
     can stand up and do an easy Double Axe Kick.  This always hits twice
     after a missed grab and takes major damage.  Another thing to do is any
     of your jab combos or your 10-hit string.  The jab combos are guaranteed
     to hit, while the first 4 or 5 of your 10-hit will connect.  If you get
     lucky maybe they won't be able to block the rest of the 10 hit and you
     take half of their damage as proper punishment.  Just remember to duck
     if you suspect a grab coming and punish them when they miss.  Be
     careful though, if they think you might duck, they might just
     counter-attack you with a mid hit.

     10-Hit string:  I've already mentioned one way to start a 10-hit string,
     but there are also others.  One way is to counter-attack after blocking
     an opponents attack.  It may not connect right away but they will be
     forced to block and they might miss a block later on in the string.
     One of my favorite things to do is end my 10-hit at the first blocking
     point and surprise them with a grab or other special moves.  By the
     time they realize that your not completing your 10-hit you should be
     able to hit them with something.

     Combos:  The most important part in doing combos is to know when to
     start them.  The best time depends on your situation.  If you are
     fighting a duck crazy opponent then do the twin pistons to knock them
     in the air and start a combo.  You can also use your Power Uppercut,
     but doing the pistons are more reliable in tight situations.  The Power
     Uppercut is fast and is good for counter-attacking a blocked hit.  It
     doesn't always hit, but there will be times when it does.
     Most importantly, use the air combo most appropriate to the situation.
     Sometimes a move will knock your opponent farther out than normal and a
     short combo is required, especially if you barely connect your juggle
     move by being too far away.

     Pouncing/Ground hits:  Kazuya has more than one type of ground hit that
     will work other than the standard pounce.  In fact I don't recommend
     even using it.  He has his Scissor flip kick, and his hop back hard
     pounce that does more damage.  The distance you are from your opponent
     while they're on the ground determines what one to use.  If they are a
     good distance from you, then you can run and do the sliding tackle, but
     if they are closer you have more options.  If they are directly next to
     you then neither Scissor flip kick or the hop back pounce will work.
     Either you have to step back and then do them, or be safe and sweep them
     with LK.  If you throw someone with a Hip toss, then they will land
     right next to you and you will have to adjust your distance to hit them
     with a ground hit.  This is probably the only time I would recommend
     doing your small pounce move.  If you throw them with the Arm hold,
     double kick to the head grab, it will set them the perfect distance to
     hit them with either the Hop back pounce or Scissor flip kick.  The
     good thing about the hop back pounce is that if it hits you hop back
     away from danger, but if you miss you're stuck where you land.  Kazuya's
     Power roundhouse sweep will also hit on the ground, but usually only
     when their head is pointing at you.  The main thing to remember about
     ground hits is that you must do them immediately after they hit the
     ground.  If you hesitate and can't decide which one to do then you give
     your opponent the chance to recover in time.

     Heihachi Strategy:  Take all of the above tactics and add in all of
     Heihachi's extras and   basically what you get are some bonus moves
     that are easy to implement in Kazuya's already strong lineup of moves.
     The main difference is that you have more of a variety of punishing
     tools in your pool of moves.  His power punch is by far the best extra.
     It is extremely powerful and has good range and recovery time.  His
     triple roundhouse sweep, axe kick combo is also a powerful addition, as
     is his hopping power sweep and mid kick.  The hopping power sweep is
     extremely useful for getting a ground hit from far away.  Just use your
     quick forward duck to its extent and then do the hopping sweep and you
     can cover an amazingly long distance.  It can actually make you kill
     your opponent with one combo.  Just use it at the end of Heihachi's 5
     and 6 hit combos and it will usually kill them.  In fact use it at the
     end of all of your combos because it is very powerful.  The only time
     that I don't recommend it is when you are close to your ground opponent.
     It is more effective at longer distances.  Use his other pounces up
     close.
     Overall Strategy:  Note that there is no right or wrong way to play as
     Kazuya or Heihachi. Everyone has there own style of fighting with each
     character, giving that character his or her own uniqueness.  I have
     only listed some ground rules and already proven effective tactics,
     so you may find your own way to implement them into your own arsenal of
     tactics.  I have a few last things that I will recommend for anyone
     wanting to become proficient with Kazuya or Heihachi, or any other
     character in Tekken for that matter.

Always change up your special moves and combos:  The worst thing you can do
is create a predictable pattern.  It may work for awhile, but eventually
someone will catch on and your game is ruined.  You must always be
unpredictable and keep your opponent guessing.  Whether that means running
up and grabbing your opponent out of nowhere, or doing a Jumping Uppercut
for no reason is up to you.  You may get hit once in awhile for doing it,
but you'd be amazed at how often an off the wall move will throw your
opponent off.  Keep your attacks varied!

Learn all of the characters moves:  This is probably the most important
factor in the game.  Everyone knows that without a good defense you won't
last very long in a fight.  You must know where all of your opponents hits
will connect, or you'll never be able to counter-attack.  Play the computer
with no time limit and just practice blocking their attacks for awhile.  If
you do this for each character you should have a better idea of how to best
block their moves.

Learn every move in your arsenal:  This sounds very obvious, but there is a
lot of people who do not use all of their characters moves for various
reasons.  Most moves have a reason to be in the game so if you don't use
them your missing out.  Your opponent may also realize this and work it
into his advantage.

Practice,Practice,Practice!:  Don't expect to be a Kazuya or Heihachi
master in 3 days.  They are probably the toughest characters to learn
because of the difficulty of their moves.  If you have never played a
fighting game with a dragon punch type motion then it will be even harder
for you.  Just don't give up, it will eventually be like riding a bike, it
just takes awhile.


If you have never played as Kazuya, I suggest learning him before Heihachi.
Since Heihachi is basically a suped-up version of Kazuya you must learn the
basics first.  If you only learn Heihachi you will take his extra moves for
granted and you will not be able to be downward compatible with Kazuya as
easy.  If you learn the basics with Kazuya first, then you can take all of
Heihachi's extra moves as a bonus and easily implement them into your style
of fighting.


     I hope you can get some good use out of this faq.  I wrote the strategy
     guide mostly off the top of my head so I will probably add some things
     as time progresses.  There is only so much I can think of at once.
     None of the combos or strategy came from magazines or books or other
     faqs so if you see some of them somewhere else then it is coincidence.
     Gamepro has a small strategy and combo guide, but if you read it you'll
     realize that it was pretty lame.  The combos sucked, and there was only
     one for Kazuya and none for any of the bosses.  EGM also has a strategy
     guide for Tekken but it is also lame in my opinion.  It does list the
     moves, but the strategy and character ratings are way off.  They were
     giving Kazuya 6 and 7's.  All of my combos and strategies came from my
     own experience from playing Tekken.  If you have any questions or
     comments about this faq please e-mail me at slikatel@metro.net.  If you
     have anything to add to this faq please send it and I will insert it
     and give you full credit.  By the way, thanks for checking out this faq!
