BRYAN FURY STRATEGY GUIDE FOR TEKKEN 4
Version 1.1
By: //<
   [marckronald@yahoo.com]

VERSION HISTORY

10:02 AM 12/17/02 : fixed up guide mishaps

/ TABLE OF CONTENTS /

I.    Introduction

II.   Overview
      A.  The History of Bryan Fury
      B.  Strengths
      C.  Weaknesses

III.  Some Moves In Depth
      A.  Grappling Arts
      B.  Special Techniques

IV.   Opponent Strategy

V.    Special Techniques

VI.   Conclusion

VII.  The Author

VIII. Thanks and Credits

/ INTRODUCTION /

  Thank you for picking up this guide and actually reading it.  Like
most other FAQs I think I should start off by ranting and raving
about copyright, so this is copyrighted (C) Marck Ronald Rimorin,
2002.  Don't you dare try to copy this guide and sell it on the FAQ
black market or anything, because I'm not going to tolerate any 
insolent act of selling my FAQ.  Secondly, please print or distribute
(not sell) this guide in its entirety.  If you are to post this guide
in your website please ask permission first (generally I'll say yes,
unless you're some site with a thief for an administrator).  Don't
nobody dare plagiarize and then start saying that you're me.  Since
I can't sue you, maybe I'll leave the burden on your conscience and
you can just try to be me once and see if you like it.  So that's that.

/ OVERVIEW /

  Bryan Fury is one of the most powerful characters in Tekken 4
despite the bad rap he has been getting from his previous Tekken
excursions.

  Many believe that he is a second-rate character, mainly because he
lacks low attacks.  Some people also use more of his power hits than
his pokes and strings.  I've played him long enough to realize that
he's not a second-rate character.  In fact, Bryan could very well be
the best character in Tekken 4.

  This guide wouldn't teach you blocking, sidestepping, okizeme and
such... it's just something I put together to formulate Bryan strategy.

THE HISTORY OF BRYAN FURY

  Bryan Fury made his debut in Tekken 3 as a relatively unknown cha-
racter (judging by the number of strategy guides written about him).
When he came out, he was called a clone of Bruce Irvin (Tekken 2).
Well he had moves carried over from Bruce, but eventually gained some
respect from players in the Tekken community.  However, Bryan was
still very underutilized, and somehow it seemed quite hard to win a
game with him.

  In Tekken Tag Tournament, Bryan came out even more powerful than
before.  Bryan became the ideal tag partner in TTT, because he pos-
sessed a very powerful arsenal of new moves, including the b+1+2
punch parry.  The tag team of Bruce Irvin and Bryan Fury turned out
to be very much feared and respected by many as one of the best tag
combinations, up to par with tag teams of Mishima-Kazama origin.

  In Tekken 4, few players expected the return of Bryan Fury.  When
he was released, he was undoubtedly one of the best characters in
the game.  But the same basic problem was still there: Bryan is
almost always placed and played in the wrong hands.

  I hope that with the help of this guide, we shall break the myth
behind Bryan Fury and at the same time, play a better game.

STRENGTHS

Power - This is Bryan's obvious strength.  In Tekken, Bryan is the
most powerful character, pound for pound.  If not for this power
Bryan could have been a third-rate character, actually.  Bryan rivals
Paul Phoenix and Kazuya Mishima in terms of power, if not is above
them, so that should give you an obvious idea of what "power" is all
about.

Rolldash/WS moves - Most everyone is familiar with this strength.
Bryan possesses 5 (yes, five) moves off his rolldash.  This awesome
array of moves are all fast, reliable power hits that set up for
some of the most damaging combos and juggles in Tekken 4.  No one
(and I mean no one) in the game has a better set of WS_QCF moves than
Bryan Fury.

Sidestep - Bryan's sidestep isn't as great as Nina's or King's, but
he has very effective sidestepping attacks.  All of these are power
hits, and two of them set up for very dangerous combos.

Attack height mix-ups - Despite Bryan's lack of low attacks, he can
mix up his high and mid attacks very well.  This means that is combos
last quite long and hit quite hard (no innuendos intended) and it
means that he has very good poking attacks.

WEAKNESSES

Lack of low attacks - This has always been Bryan's chronic weakness.
He possesses quick low kicks and the Snake Edge, but that's how far
it will go.  This means Bryan has a serious problem with characters
who go down low, like Lei, Xiaoyu, Christie and Kuma.

Attack tracking - Bryan's moves don't track as bad as Paul's or
Heihachi's.  But they do track bad.  Against players like Xiaoyu and
Julia who sidestep and twirl a lot, Bryan would get punished.

/ SOME MOVES IN DEPTH /

GRAPPLING ARTS

325
2+4 - I tend to use this often because it looks cool.  Hey, why play
if you can't show off?  Same basic throw rules apply here.
Score: 3/5

DDT
F+2+4 - This was the basic front throw carried over from T3 and TTT.
Same basic throw rules apply here.
Score: 3/5

Chains of Misery
FC,df,df+1+2 - The Chains of Misery is the coolest looking throw in
Tekken 4, perhaps even Tekken history.  Crouching has been made a
little tricky now that Tekken 4 has the walking sidestep.  So now you
have to set this up with the db crouch motion, then go to df.  The
great thing about this is that the df motion is also the universal
low parry, so you wouldn't have a problem with Law players who think
that they can take you out with the Junkyard...
Score: 3/5

SPECIAL TECHNIQUES

Rush Punches
1,2,1,2_4 - This is Bryan's bread-and-butter move.  Most all of his
reliable combos and juggles have this or part of this in it.  This
is a great CH tool because if the first hit connects on CH, the whole
thing is guaranteed.  This, surprisingly, tracks well, so if your
opponent sidesteps, they could easily get hit with the mid hook.  It
is a good idea to mix this up a bit, so if they think they can block
the whole thing mid, they'll eat the 4.  The first three hits give
you a bit of forward momentum and a good frame advantage to boot.
Score: 5/5

Northern Lights
1,2,3 - This is the greeting move almost all Bryan players use.  The
beauty of this move is that it comes out quite fast and the last hit
is a fast low kick.  This works wonders on stages with slopes because
every hit connects (if not blocked).  This is a wonderful poking move
because you have a good frame advantage right after the low kick
connects.
Score: 5/5

Vulcan Body Blow
df+1,2 - A very good momentum-based charge.  Think of Julia's WR+1,2,
and this is something even better.  The running motion can be abrupt-
ly stopped with df, then the body blows can do their work.  Works
wonders for the CPU, though only an idiot would get hit by this at
least thrice.
Score: 4/5

Terrorist Threat
b+1>2>1,2,1,2,1,2,1,4 - Under normal circumstances, stay away from
this move.  This move has a use, but is VERY hard to learn.  This is,
to my knowledge, the only certified eleven-hit combo in Tekken 4.
The problem with this move is that is has no range.  That means you
have to be REALLY close to execute this move.  If your opponent steps
back, you'll be standing there punching air (it's like a machine
gun... it has cool-down time).  The neat thing about this move is
that if every hit connects, you'll be looking at MASSIVE damage.  Use
this at the proper opportunity (if your opponent is very close to
you and attempts to throw you...), which, in many cases, is rare.
Score: 2/5

Headhunter
SS+1 - Bryan's Headhunter does MASSIVE damage.  This will knock down
your opponent in FD/FA position, allowing for great okizeme opportu-
nities.  This is very good for punishing bad-tracking moves that are
whiffed.
Score: 3/5

Cheap Trick
SS+1~2 - IMO, this is the least useful among Bryan's sidestepping
attacks.  Most players wouldn't fall for the old Cheap Trick anymore
because this is as familiar as an old sock when it was repeatedly
abused and misused in previous Tekken excursions.  I don't use this
move anymore because no one I play against falls for it any longer.
Score: 2/5

Snake Uppercut
QCF_WS+1 - This is Bryan's highest launcher.  This is his best juggle-
starter, and he can hit a lot of juggle points with this.  Do not
whiff this move because you'll get punished.  A great way to make
sure that this won't whiff is to start off with d+1, then buffer it
to WS motion instead of executing it from a rolldash, which is quite
easy to see coming.
Score: 4/5

Cross
1,4 - IMO, this is Bryan's single most useful combo.  Sure, the two
hits hit high, but the key to this move is button buffering.  Most
any move can be buffered with this, especially the unblockables.
Score: 5/5

Cremation
1,4,2,1,4 - The Cremation is arguably Bryan's best "long" combo.
Sure, the first four hits hit high, but the great thing about this
is that it ends in a mid-hitting kick.  Unlike its "big brother"
the Lair's Dance (1,4,2,1,2), this offers a better chance of connect-
in because of the mid-hitting ender, unlike the Lair's Dance which
hits with, of all things, a Mach Breaker.  Both start off with a
Cross.
Score: 3/5

Snake Fang
1+2 - The Snake Fang is another of Bryan's bread-and-butter moves.
This is mostly used as a greeting, but works wonders for punishing
whiffed or blocked moves, sidestepped moves and slow combo set-ups.
Be warned that if this move is whiffed or blocked, you will take
some punishment so use this if you are absolutely sure that it will
hit.  The good thing about this move is that in very close range,
it will hit twice.
Score: 5/5

Hands of Doom_Wolf Bite
b+2,1,2_4 - These are Bryan's signature combos.  Mastering these
combos will ensure you victory in any given match.  The Wolf Bite
(b+2,1,4) is the safe bet - the ender hits mid, so use this if you
want to play safe.  Hands of Doom is a little easier to execute but
is harder to master because it ends in a high-hitting Mach Breaker.
These combos exist for one purpose and one purpose only: knock your
opponent down, and knock them down for good.  These moves deal big
damage, but if you want really big damage, the b+2,1 can be repeated
twice then the ender is executed (b+2,1,b+2,1,2_4).
Score: 4/5

Vulcan Punch
df+2 - Another bread-and-butter move.  This isn't as fast as Bryan's
basic jabs, but is perhaps his best poke.  It causes guard stun, so
you have a great advantage if this move is blocked.  If it hits, you
can set up for great combos.  This move has damage, too, so don't
think of it as a basic-jab-like poke.  This can be buffered with many
things: throws, b+2,1,2_4, 1,2,1,2_4 or whatever.  This can be inter-
rupted by basic jabs, however.  This can be linked to custom strings.
Score: 5/5

Gutpunch - Fisherman's Slam
QCF_WS+2~b_f+2 - This is one cool-looking move.  This isn't as low-
risk as WS_QCF+1, but they payoffs are awesome.  Not only does the
move pay out huge damage (approximately 40%), but will juggle your
opponent for even more damage.  
Score: 4/5

Shellshock
SS+2 - This is a very good sidestepping move, to say the least.  When
it hits, your opponent's side will show, giving you the opportunity
to set up big-damage moves or combos, and perhaps even throws.  This
is another one of Bryan's low-risk moves.
Score: 3/5

Stomach Fury
f+2,1,4 - This is another awesome addition to Bryan's arsenal.  This
looks to be like Bryan's version of Jin's Laser series.  The first hit
is a good-ranged mid-hitting right punch, followed by a mid-hitting
left punch then a knee.  Excellent for keep-away.  The start-up itself
is quick, so this can be considered one of Bryan's best moves.  Be
warned: this is not as abusable as Bryan's other moves because the
string can be interrupted fairly quickly and early on.
Score: 4/5

Snake Slam
b,b+1 - I used to use this a lot (and I mean a lot) in Tekken Tag
Tournament, but now that there's no tag feature in Tekken 4 this move
diminished a bit in use.  This is a bounce launcher, so you wouldn't
get as many hits and as much damage as you would with QCF_WS+1, but
you would get big damage with it.  Another nice feature of this move
is that it comes out of a backdash and can be buffered off the back-
sway.  It causes blockstun when blocked, but the bad thing about it
is it's quite slow in recovery once whiffed.
Score: 4/5

Mach Breaker
f,f+2 - Who isn't familiar with this move?  This is the move that
made Bryan a legend in the hardcore Tekken universe.  This is quite
his version of Paul's QCF+2, but it hits high... so what?  This
move is very, very useful against whiffed or blocked moves, and it
catches opponents off guard.  This is the juggle-ender of choice
because it's fast. Another great thing about this move is that it
takes away one hell of a fraction of your opponent's lifebar, making
this move a pivotal point in victory.  One thing about this move is
that it has poor recovery time when blocked or whiffed, so be sure
not to throw it as much.
Score: 5/5

Slash Kick
f,f+3 - This is a solid kick right in your opponent's ribs, sending
him/her tumbling away.  Good damage, but is easily blocked.  The pay-
offs for a connected Slash Kick are great, and this also is very
useful against players who get up.
Score: 3/5

Gatling Combo
3,2,1,4_2 - This used to be Bruce Irvin's signature combo, faithfully
carried on to Bryan Fury.  Bryan's version does not juggle, but almost
all of his juggling and combo prowess revolves around the 3,2,1, the
entire string, or variants of it.  This isn't as useful as a stand-
alone combo as it is to be part of custom strings or juggles.
Score: 4/5

Rising Knee
QCF_WS+3 - This is THE most dangerous move Bryan has in his arsenal.
In Tekken 3, this used to take away an entire lifebar off one counter,
but ever since then it has been toned down to allow "balance," which
I think is quite sad, but is fair enough to allow a "fair" game.  The
great thing about this move is it is one of the lowest-risk moves
in Tekken 4, meaning that it can be thrown out any time a window of
opportunity opens.  This can be used anywhere: juggles, as a stand-
alone move, but this move is really useful as something to start
combos with.  Unlike other knee attacks, this can be reversed, but
I don't think that the reversal is worth it.
Score: 5/5

Snake Edge
df+3 - This tends to be Bryan's most reliable low attack.  The range
and speed is often underestimated, but this is very prone to low
parry.  This is effective only when timed properly, like when your
opponent can't block low or when he/she whiffs a slow-recovering
move.  This floats, so it doesn't juggle as high, but you can do some
decent damage.  The move takes 27 frames to hit, so that should give
you an idea on how slow this move is.  Nevertheless, it's an excellent
move with proper timing.
Score: 4/5

Crouched Ankle Kick
FC+3 - Another one of Bryan's low attacks.  His low attacks are very
limited, so it is imperative that you use this whenever you can.  This
is a new addition to his low attack arsenal, and this has the longest
range among his low attacks.
Score: 5/5

Thin Low Kick
d+3+4 - This is a basic shinkick like d+3 or d+4, but it has better
range and a wee bit more damage.  Like all of his limited low attacks,
it is imperative that you use this whenever you can.
Score: 5/5

Rolling Driver
uf+3 - Because many Tekken 4 players are in the habit of dashing
back because of the set-up feature, the uf+3 would pound their asses
high and dry.  But this move still has the features I don't like about
it: it hits high, it is very easy to sidestep and is quite easy to
duck.  Great greeting move, not that great overall.
Score: 3/5

Orbital Heel Kick
uf+4 - This is a mid-hitting jugglestarter that most players who play
a good Bryan are aware off.  Rather than kissing this move's ass, I
personally don't use it as much as I don't use the Rolling Driver.
This is a very good jugglestarter, but because there's no tag feature
in Tekken 4 this move is a bit bad for my taste.  The damage itself
is good, it's good in juggles, but I still don't use it because I'm
not a very good juggler.  If you are, use this.
Score: 4/5

Emergency Landing
b,b+4 - The ultimate stance-breaker.  My favorite move against wave-
dashing Heihachi's and Kazuya's, Vale Tudo-stancing Craig's, Hitman-
stancing Lee's, stance-happy Lei's and backdashing Steve's.  This
move has a lot of drawbacks, not the least of which is the way you
sprawl down the ground if you miss this or it gets blocked.  This move
is very good as a desperation move if Mishima characters will set up
wavedashes, if Lei begins to change stances, name it.  This is also
quite valuable in basic offense.  If this is blocked, try to use a
f+1+2 roll.  If that still is blocked or missed, throw your opponent.
Score: 4/5

Taunt
1+3+4 - Scores extra humiliation points for your opponent.  This taunt
hits... so that should give you an idea to what you can do with it:
link juggles, start combos, humiliate your opponent, name it.  This
is even more important, because this follows up with three things:
the No Laughing Matter taunt when you press 1+4 and release it; then
Stomach Fury, then a 2,1,4,2 Dead Man Walking.  Cool, huh?  Like 
all taunts, this is not abusable even if it is cancellable.
Score: 3/5

Punch Parry
b+1+2~2 - This move makes Bryan invincible against the likes of Paul
Phoenix, Kuma/Panda, Jin Kazama and Steve Fox.  Inescapable, deals
one hell of a damage factor if the follow-up hits, and yes, it looks
cool.  Reversing a left punch guarantees a f,f+2 upon pressing the 2
follow-up, and a right punch a df+2 upon pressing the 2 follow-up.
Use this move whenever possible because this move will, and I mean
will, save your life in a very tight spot.
Score: 5/5

Meteor Smash
f+1+4 - Buffered with the Cross, this is a very good unblockable al-
though the damage is measly for an unblockable.  This is one of the
fastest unblockables in Tekken 4.  This avoids high attacks, can't
be ducked and tracks well.
Score: 3/5

Gravity Blow
b+1+4 - If you don't know how to use unblockables effectively, forget
this move even exists.  This is essentially f+1+4 magnified threefold.
Score: 3/5

/ OPPONENT STRATEGY /

  There is no definite strategy for beating a player.  But there are
strategies for defeating a character.  There'll always be button-
mashers, masters and average players in our midst.  Here are guidelines
to beating Tekken 4 characters: (I won't put a "Difficulty Level"
rating here)

Kuma/Panda - Kuma is a very good character no matter what anyone tells
you.  I can tell from experience that it's quite hard to win with
Kuma, so I admire good Kuma players.  Enough said.  Kuma is a very
easy fight for Bryan.  Good tools against Kuma are the punch parry
and most all of your fast, high-priority attacks, and Kuma will be
a bear-skin punching bag in no time.

Hwoarang - Hwoarang players are quite difficult to fight at long range
because that is their most effective fighting distance.  uf+3 works
quite well against them, as well as b,b+4.  That's why Hwoarang will
almost always hit you with the end of his foot because he'll not
risk a df+2.  Hwoarang also will be prone to jabbing, which is lethal
because despite the miniscule damage these things do, they do have the
ability to set up for them kicks.

Yoshimitsu - Yoshimitsu is tough to beat.  There's a lot of things
you have to watch out for - unblockables, quick moves, pokes, you know
the drill.  Fighting against Yoshimitsu is hard work.  Yoshi players
will drill you with their sword attacks and df+4, so be sure to have
good interrupting pokes.  Really hard work.

Julia Chang - Julia is one of the most dangerous characters in Tekken
4 when played right.  Julia has this annoying panic-button 1,1,1
launcher that seems to be the center of her juggling ability (she is
the strongest class 2 juggler in Tekken 4), and Julia players tend to
complete the 1,1,1 so parry the left jab and make her pay.  Julia also
has very good attack height mixups, so if she attacks low with b+3,
use shinkicks.  One thing she's very weak at is a concentrated flurry
of good poking, and that's something Bryan is very good at, so that
should give you an idea on how useful df+2, 1,2 and 1,4 really is
against Julia.

Violet/Lee Chaolan - Everyone hates this guy for that festering df+4,4,
4,4 combo (uninterruptible but easily avoided).  Against his infinite
combos they can be interrupted with 1 or 2.  Hitman Stance should be
broken at the minute it comes out with a long range move like b,b+4.
Lee is not effective at close range, but you are, so keep him at your
distance by dashing (very discreetly: Lee has the uncanny ability to
pull off a fast move like df+4,4,4,4) and high-pressure poking.  Lee
is quite frail, so the match should be over quickly provided you
really keep the pressure on and commit not too many mistakes that will
allow him to gain some distance.

Ling Xiaoyu/Miharu - I can't find any shortcut against Xiaoyu because
she has everything that could make Bryan players make a LOT of
mistakes: she's small (your attacks tend to track even worse), she
has a stance that goes down low (where most of your attacks go under)
and she is fast (making you resort to a kind of poking that can be
rather static and careful).  I rarely win games against Xiaoyu, but
based from my myriad of losses against this girl, the key is not to
make too many mistakes that will cost you dearly.  If she goes down
low, sometimes it's safer to use shinkicks than df+3.  Sometimes it
pays to actually pick another character (I use Christie and Marduk
against her), but if you really want to win with Bryan, pokes, shin-
kicks and other safe, high priority moves win over than the desire
to use an almighty Mach Breaker or Hands of Doom.

Craig Marduk - Craig is a character who likes to mount a lot (and I
do mean a lot), so know how to escape and block the mount.  Yes, he
may look like a lummox, but Marduk is one of the best distance fighters
in the game.  That's his big weakness against Bryan: he's a big target
with a big bulls-eye in his body.  Craig's strikes are quite poor,
and they wouldn't fight you in your range, resorting to poor poking.
b,b+4 works during Craig's Vale Tudo Stance.

Lei Wulong - Good Lei players are very hard to beat.  From my
experience, Lei will always play dead knowing that Bryan can't attack
good with low attacks.  While that's the case, it's nice to know that
they'll play a serious game as soon as your shinkicks and low attacks
come out and they'll have to fight standing up.  Stances are easy to
break with f,f+3 or b,b+4.  

Kazuya Mishima - Kazuya is a Mishima, so you know what to expect.  He
has the best crouchdash game in Tekken, but that is a secondary skill
compared to what he really does best - stun people.  His WS+2 and df+2
are his best stun tools, but Kazuya can't seem to follow them up with
something really good except b+3,1,4,1 or WGF/EWGF.  Not that they're
horrible, but they just don't seem to cut it.  The key to beating
Kazuya is your punch parry: you can shut down his stun and punch game
with proper punch parry action.  Counterhitting him will be a good
idea.  Overall, Kazuya's game can be easily (and I mean easily) shut
down with proper timing and the proper moves.

Paul Phoenix - Paul tends to be vulnerable towards Bryan's almighty
Punch Parry because he's quite dependent on 1-2 punches and the
Phoenix Smasher.  Paul is a power hitter (and a fast one at that), so
trading hits isn't quite the way to go.  Paul has plenty of tumble
knockback moves including good jugglestarters.  It pays to memorize
the hit levels of Paul's tenstring, but it's better to either a)
interrupt the tenstring with a 1_2 or df+2 or b) parry the first
hit (my favorite way to go).  Paul's moves track really bad (esp.
the moves abused by scrubs and average players, i.e. Smasher), so
your SS+1 and SS+2 would work pretty well to punish him (in the case
of a whiffed Smasher, use SS+1~2).

Jin Kazama - Jin has got to be one of the best characters in Tekken
but he tends to be very cheap (a Jin tradition: strong, solid moves
with little or no recovery time at all).  Kazama Fury (1,3,2,1,4) is
quite a pain to block and to time (two quick highs, two quick mids,
one quick low), and it's uninterruptible, but that doesn't mean you
can't parry the first hit.  His Laser Series (b,f+2>1...) has a new
addition: an unblockable launcher than can be just-framed, so to
be sure, parry or CH the first hit of the series.  Jin is very vulne-
rable to your punch parry, so use it whenever necessary.

Nina Williams - It's very hard to beat a good Nina.  First of all, she
has the best attack-height mixup game in Tekken, she has multithrows,
she has fast moves, power moves, and very few weaknesses in any given
area/aspect of the game.  To beat her, you have to slug it out and
do dirty work.  Her db+3,4 Divine Cannon has been toned down but is
still very powerful in terms of juggling ability.  You can't parry
many of her punches-slaps because it's hard to anticipate because
she could use her arms as well as her legs.  Even her uf+3 is very
dangerous, so its a good idea to play a little bit more defensive.

Steve Fox - Steve is one of my favorite characters because he's fast
and quite powerful, but when it comes to a good Bryan, he's a cinch
to beat.  B+1+2 will spell the end for Steve, you can parry practically
all of his punches and low parry his low punches with the df universal
low parry.  Of course, it wouldn't be much fun if you keep on parrying
his punches all day but you can use a lot of your moves against him
because both guys are very much alike.  In high level play, the punch
parry will be your best friend, and I've seen many guys walk away from
playing Steve after I began this parrying game (heck, the parry can't
be chickened, I believe).

Christie Montiero/Eddy Gordo - Against button-mashers, Christie isn't
really that hard to fight, especially when they just set up for those
break-dancing kicks.  The best way to beat them is to use low parry
and block their attacks and "snipe" them with f,f+2, f,f+3, f,f+4 or
df+2.  Against players who really know what they're doing, I don't
know because I always face a Christie manipulated by a button-masher. 
E-mail me on tips, please.

Bryan Fury - This is certainly a test on who plays a better Bryan.
If you find that you are up against a player who just uses the power
hits (f,f+2, f,f+3, f,f+4) and a few of the simpler moves (f+4,3,4)
you could easily beat the living heck out of them with counterhits,
interrupts and parries.  Against players who depend more on CH,
combos and interrupts, the best way to beat them is to anticipate the
punches and then parry them.  It may take some time at first, but it
areally pays off.  Another dangerous player will use more of his
fast kick moves, so block them or, in the case of shinkicks and df+3,
use the df universal low parry and buffer into df+2, df+3 or Chains
of Misery.

Heihachi Mishima - Heihachi is still kinda tough to beat, although he
is so old he'll probably go down in a few powerful moves or less.  Most
Mishima moves like df+1,2, f,N,d,df+1, f,N,d,df+2 and f,N,d,DF+2 tend
to hit mid, and they are all punches: they are easily blocked and/or
parried.  Heihachi is a very good juggler (he isn't called the Juggle
King for nothing) and the only way to beat that amazing juggling
strength of the old man is not to get juggled in the first place.
Once you get the advantage over Heihachi it is imperative that
you do not relinquish it, as he has good launchers to take that
advantage off of you.  Using plenty of your df+1+2 will kinda slow
him down, but high pressure poking is highly recommended.

King - Memorize King's multithrows, first and foremost.  I can't
say this enough because King players will go for multis.  Another
thing to watch out for when playing against King is the tenstring,
but if you played against enough of them multithrows and tenstrings
wouldn't be that much of a problem.  King's un-chickenable kick rever-
sal is bad news for kicking, so use the punching game more often.
King is quite an easy fight provided you don't relinquish the advantage
as you will get Ali Kicks and df+1 for your trouble showing off.
Best way to kill King: high-pressure pokes and interrupts.

Marshall Law - Law is difficult to beat at times, but the more you
play against him the more it gets easier.  Law is a cheap character
to learn and to use, so often low counters and punch parries are your
best friends here.  His b+2,1,4 Junkyard can be low countered or the
first hit parried, that goes with his b+2,1,2.  Law's tenstring is
annoying but you'll just have to parry it or block it.  You have a
speed and power advantage over Law, and f+2,1,4, 1,2,1,2 and 3,2,1,2
are generally great offensive tools against Law.

Combot - Just guess who the hell he is and fight the same way.

/ WALLS & OBJECTS /

  New additions to Tekken 4 are the walls and objects.  Walls and
objects make strategy more important than it ever was, giving a
realistic feel to Tekken.  Now, more than ever, Tekken players are 
able to formulate fight strategies rather than just fighting in
infinite, empty spaces.

How To Use Walls and Objects

  Walls and objects play a vital role in Tekken because they give
players open opportunities for damage.  For example, breaking a statue
inflicts some damage, and forcing an opponent to a wall opens up his/
her guard in order to inflict heavy combos and set up powerful moves.
While this sounds cheap, this allows for quicker, fast-paced and yes,
brutal games.

Wall Hit - A wall hit occurs when your opponent is rammed against the
wall.  This opens up his/her guard, setting up for humongous damage.
In Bryan's case, the Terrorist Threat can easily be set-up off a wall
hit, as well as Stomach Fury, tenstrings and Cross combos.

Breaking Objects - For example, in the Statue stage, the statue in the
middle of the stage can be broken, causing rubble to fall all over your
opponent.  I don't know how much damage the fall causes, but it's good
enough to gain some advantage.

/ CONCLUSION /

  There, now I hope that you have a good understanding of the dead guy
called Bryan.  I hope that we cleared all the misconceptions about
this character, and I hope that you can incorporate some of the things
I just shared with you.  This guide will be updated whenever the need
arises.  Upcoming FAQ's for Christie Montiero, Craig Marduk, Steve 
Fox and Kuma whenever the need arises.

/ THE AUTHOR /

  The author is a 17-year old college freshman from Baguio City,
Philippines.  He likes to play games - a lot of games, especially
the Tekken series, Counterstrike, Quake III, the Age of Empires series
and basketball.  He's 5 feet 7 inches, weighs in at 100 pounds.  Around
the place, he is easily recognizable by his hair (which is coated in
baby oil and alcohol-based hair gel), his thick blue glasses, his
pale skin and his black-white-and-blue ensemble.  He often plays Bryan,
but is often seen playing Steve and Christie, sometimes Craig, although
he is easily recognizable with his weird way of using Kuma.  He often
plays with the same troupe of game junkies.  When not playing, he
often diappears from the public eye, appearing in unexpected places.

/ THANKS & CREDITS /

Myself - need I say more?
Catlord - for the movelist, the site and Tekken psychology manual.
Castel - for the site.

Namco - for the game.

Fellow Tekken players:

Garry Soriano, Andrew Santos, Noel Barrientos, Neal Ayungo.

You - for reading this thing.

Marco - for fixing up those fight strategies

Leimossimo - for being a constant Tekken e-mail guy.

Hasta la vista.

