---------------------------------------------------------------------
How to Perform Heihachi’s Thunder God Fist Omen
Or
The Heihachi Shimmy Step Complex
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Tekken 4 FAQ
Game : Tekken 4 for both Arcade and PS2 by NAMCO
Author : Wes "ShadowJin" Arnold
FAQ Creation Date : 01/27/2003
Version : 1.2

Contents
---------
1.)  Threats and other Unhappy Things
2.)  What is the Thunder God Fist Omen?
3.)  Breakdown of the Move
	a.) The Delayed Thunder God Fist
	b.) The Connection
		1.) Omen "Shimmy Step"
		2.) Exact Character Frame Breakdown
4.)  What can you do with the Omen initiated?
	a.) Thunder God Fist
	b.) Sapphire Thunder God Fist
	c.) Diamond Hell Axle
5.)  Thanks
6.)  Legal
7.)  Closing

------------------------------
1.)  Threats and other Unhappy Things

	Hopefully I've included everyone that helped me come to the
        conclusion on how to perform this highly sought after move.
        If I have not, please email me and let me know
        (shadowjin_gpow@yahoo.com.)  Also, if you attempt to claim this
        work as your own, I will hunt you down and I WILL beat you within
        an inch of your life.  With all that being said, let's continue on.


2.)  What is the Thunder God Fist Omen?

	The TGF Omen is a move, when initiated, that allows Heihachi to
        enter a state that allows him to use certain higher tier moves.
        Two of the three moves that can be accessed are usable outside the
        Omen, however, one is near impossible (in my opinion) to perform
        wihtout being cracked out on speed and being fed electric impulses
        throughout your body via a fork in a wall socket.  The three moves
        are as follows : Thunder God Fist, Sapphire Thunder God Fist, and
        the Diamond Hell Axle.  For reference sake, the Sapphire Thunder
        God Fist is performed by performing the following motion --
        f, N : df+1.  I have yet to pull this move off so please do not
        email me asking how it can be done outside of the Omen.  The
        Diamond Hell Axle is not accessible outside the Omen.  The Thunder
        God Fist is a standard move which can be used by any serious
        player...I would hope.

3.)  Breakdown of the Move

3.a.)  The Delayed Thunder God Fist

	The Thunder God Fist, or TGF for short, is a simple move that all
        Tekken Players should be already familiar with.  It is performed
        simply by performing the following -- f, N, d, df, 1.  The delayed
        version is not far behind in complicity.  Basically, the Delayed
        Thunder God Fist, or DTGF, is performed in the same fashion,
        however, the df becomes a DF, or a held df.  When executed properly,
        it appears that Heihachi is performing a crouch-dash.  Right
        before the crouch-dash ends, press 1.  Heihachi will perform a
        slight "extra" crouch dash and move in for a TGF.  The move breaks
        down as so -- f, N, d, DF ~ 1.  The difference between a standard
        TGF and a DTGF is that Heihachi's opponent performs an upward arc
        (juggle) motion during the DTGF as opposed to the outward arc
        (non-juggle.)  You can add various attacks right after your DTGF
        including anything from twin pistons to the standard hell axle.


3.b.)  The Connection

	As I explained before, the DTGF allows for follow-up moves.
        This is when the overall move becomes tricky and most people do
        not know what the signs are for performing the move correctly and
        efficiently.  As stated before, the DTGF creates an upward arc
        which has Heihachi landing in close proximity of his jetison
        opponent.  TIME FOR THE FUN TO BEGIN!!!!

3.b.1.)  Omen "Shimmy Step"

	The purpose of this FAQ has arrived.  The Omen, or also dubbed
        the "Shimmy Step", is performed during the animation for the DTGF
        while Heihachi is airborne.  If performed correctly, Heihachi
        enters an Omen state and does a silly "shimmy step" forward from
        which he can perform a number of moves.  Those are covered later.
        The Omen only lasts perhaps one second and is key for releasing
        some hellish "pretty" combos on your airborne opponent.  It is
        performed as so -- f, N, d, DF ~ 1 : d, u.  The Omen is like no
        other move in the case that it looks like Heihachi does a crouch
        dash without the crouch, in essence, a shimmy.  If you pay
        attention, you will know when you are performing it correctly.

3.b.2.)  Exact Character Frame Breakdown

	YES! The Omen is not meant to be an easily mastered move.  That's
        why I'm here to help you.  Many players find that they are
        inputting the commands "correctly" but not having the proper
        results.  The reasoning behing this : the commands are not being
        entered at the exact correct time.  Using the the below method,
        one can master the performance of the omen and its vile, evil uses.

	Many have told me before that the TGF Omen has no practical uses,
        and well, that's just not true.  Most of these claims stem from
        the performance of a DTGF in a fight, and the actual completion of
        any Omen moves after the DTGF.  This is just wrong!!  Using the
        method of performing the omen that I've compiled after rigorous
        trials, tests, and absolute dedication to figuring out and
        understanding the properties of this move, one only has to worry
        about landing the DTGF and everything else works into place from
        there.

	"Well, get on with it!"  The input of the omen motion is d, u.
        Where do you perform this, and how can you guaruntee you always
        perform it?  Well, we'll start with when the down (d) motion
        needs to be entered.  When Heihachi enters his DTGF, he lifts
        off the ground and his fist will hit, then peak, then begin to
        drop.  The down (d) motion needs to be pressed within a few frames
        after the peak.  This allows the player to KNOW if they scored a
        hit on the opponent before inputing the omen motion and chancing
        leaving themselves wide open.  What the down (d) motion does : It
        accelerates Heihachi's drop to the ground ever so slightly.  Once
        the down (d) motion is inputted, you'll need to follow it up with
        an up (u) motion.  This motion is performed right before Heihachi
        hits the ground (basically, right before his landing animation
        begins.)  Perform these both correctly, the Omen should take place.

	There is a simplified method for performing the Omen.  This method
        uses one additional keystroke, but yields results more often than
        the standard method, and isn't really any harder than the standard
        method.  When your DTGF is performed, DO NOT release 1.  Only
        release 1 after the up (u) motion of the Omen has been performed.
        FOR SOME REASON THIS WORKS!!! DON'T ASK HOW!! I DON'T KNOW!!!
        heh.  The only solution I have for why it works is that for some
        reason it tricks the buffer system into only registering the Omen
        motions and nothing else.  Again, don't ask how it works, it just
        does.  (credits to Tragic for this method.)

4.)  What can you do with the Omen initiated?

4.a.)  Thunder God Fist

	One can summon the power of the Omen to perform a standard (yet
        very quick) TGF.  After the Omen motion is performed, and Heihachi
        has landed, perform the following motion : d, df+1.  To allow this
        to hit, the motion must be done without the Omen animation being
        seen for more than a few frames.

4.b.)  Sapphire Thunder God Fist

	This is probably the best Omen move out there.  It has high chance
        of hitting, if performed correctly, and does rather nice damage.
        The STGF is executed with the following motion after the omen :
        df+1.  Also, for the STGF hit, you must not see the Omen animation
        ie: "shimmy step."   Once you get the hang of the Omen, you will
        be able to perform this move with ease, not to mention, every time.

4.c.)  Diamond Hell Axle

	THIS is the so called blue sparked hell axle that has been the
        buzz forever.  If I had to rate the difficulty of each of the
        three omen moves, this one would be the lowest as far as
        difficulty.  After the Omen, you perform the following motion :
        uf+3, 4.  This move can be performed at anytime during the Omen
        animation.  HOWEVER!  This move is not guarunteed like the STGF,
        and can be quick rolled out of, leaving Heihachi insanely
        vulnerable.


---------------


5.)  Thanks

Thanks to everyone who has fed my love of Tekken.

Thanks to my girlfriend who loves to play Tekken Bowling Tourney way too
much and supports my importing habits cause its better than crack.

Thanks to Catlord for listening to my rambles in the middle of the day
and for being such a great mentor and teacher.

Skeebadeetz for pointing out my spelling errors and proofreading the faq.

Thanks to Tragic for his devotion to the game and spreading his finding
with the Tekken Community.

Thanks to the TekkenZaibatsu Community and Castel for having us all worship
him...i mean...nothing.

Finally, thanks to Namco for creating Tekken in the first place and giving
me a reason to venture outside of the Street Fighter world.

6.)  Legal

Tekken and all its renditions are soul property of Namco, etc etc.  

This document is my work, and if you steal it, I will hunt you down with a
band of rabid lawyers wanting fresh blood.

This document is also intended to be free, and if is sold in any way,
again, the band of lawyers.

All information in the document has (hopefully) been properly credited, and
if you feel otherwise, please let me know.

7.)  Closing

	Thanks for dropping by and checking out this faq and if you have
        any suggestions, comments, etc, feel free to email them to
        shadowjin_gpow@yahoo.com.  Again, Thanks, and I hope this helped :)





