********************************************************************************************

***************************************
*King and Craig - Grappler's Delight!!*
***************************************

Version 1.2 (Nov. 14, 2001)

Version History:
  1.0: original.
  1.2: made more readable. 


Author: Destructikon (xDestructikonx@aol.com)

Copyright/Disclaimer/whatever
  This FAQ is the sole property of Kris Konkel (Destructikon). If you 
 want to do anything with this besides reading it and printing it out,
 you need my permission. Quoting me is fine as long as people know that
 you're talking about me. If you want to post this on your site, just ask
 me. The only reason I haven't approached you is because I don't know your 
 site. 

   This is my first FAQ. If you have any gripes, suggestions, corrections,
 etc., please email me. I will make changes at my discretion, but all input
 is welcome, even if you do just yell at me.
   
   A note to my lexicon: I use the common notation for moves that just about
 everyone knows. If I name a move, it will either be the name given in TTT 
for the PS2, or the one listed on Tekken Zaibatsu's move lists. Afterward,
 I will give the notation anyway, so there is no communication failure.

Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. Craig's offensive overview
3. King's offensive overview
4. Craig enemy breakdown
5. King enemy breakdown
6. Thanks, and goodnight


1. Introduction
    This FAQ was written in response to the Tekken community's attitude toward
 King and Craig during the advent of Tekken 4. It seems the general belief is that
 speed equals victory. This is attested by the soar to game character stardom of 
Steve and the near fade to non-existence of Paul. If one reads the FAQs most common, 
or listen to other gamers in your local arcade, people talk trash about Craig and King. 
They say things like, they're too slow; they're cheap; only scrubs use them; 
especially when the topic of multi-throws or the mount come up. This FAQ will go 
into the power of grappling over striking in T4; an unexplored possibility for the most part. 
    If the reader knows anything about legit martial arts, you know about 
Judo and Aikido. Both are grappling self-defense methods. That is how King 
and Craig are. Read on, if ye dare, to find out the devastation a good grappler 
can cause an excellent striker.

2. Craig Marduk
   He's an absolute brute. He doesn't use flashy moves to impress the crowd. 
He makes them drop their jaw by a feat of shear strength. In terms of tactics, 
Craig is so well rounded, he borders on non-descript. Most of his abilities are 
completely passed over. In fact, so many scrubs play with him; people think 
Craig can only be a scrub. His distance game is incredible with moves like the 
Bazooka Heel (b+4). His bulldog approach is nearly unmatched with all the 
surprisingly quick chops, jabs and elbows he can unleash. Any whiff is instantly 
punished with his close power moves, such as the Tudo Noogie (df+1+2) or Shoulder 
Impact (d+1+2). Kicking an opponent when he's down has never seemed so harsh 
until Craig did it with the Leg Lunge (DF+4) and the Gator Stomp (uf+3+4). Then 
there are the mix-ups and traps. Any of his small combos (double jab & berserker 
chops, mainly) can be stopped short for any number of surprise tactics. His 
reversal automatically places him in the mount. Aside from the Tackle, he has 
two command throws that can be extended into the mount (Northern Lights Suplex 
and the Power slam; qcf+1_2). Except for effective side stepping, he doesn't 
even really need the Tudo Stance. If you like that sort of thing, Craig has 
incredible launchers and can average sixty percent on good juggles. To attest 
to Craig's non-scrub ability, I have gone on win streaks up into the teens 
without using any mount extensions once. Scrub indeed. To address the hatred 
of the mount: everyone has a mount. Don't hate Craig 'cause his is better 
than yours. All of the moves that can go into a mount are escapable and dodgeable. 
The punches are easily blocked and can lead to an escape of the mount entirely 
if you know how. The arm bar finish to the mount is reversible if you play with 
the right character. All of these weaknesses have been exposed repeatedly, yet 
know one stops complaining about Craig and the mount. Conversely, juggling is 
an accepted form of fighting. It is cheap and cheesy to use an escapable move 
that goes into a series of blockable and escapable moves, but it's so cool to 
use one blockable/escapable move that goes into a series of moves the opponent 
can only take? Riiiight.
   Advice: Use the double jab combo and follow it up immediately with a throw. 
It's easily pulled off, hard to get past for defenders and looks pretty good. 
If they block the punches go into the standard throws (2+4_F+2+4). If they duck, 
Craig has a power bomb similar to King (d+2+4). Sidesteppers have the idea, though. 
You can't go for a throw if your opponent side steps your jab combo. Similarly, 
using the berserker chops, then switching the last one or two hits with a throw 
will get similar results. With the longer time you have to buffer that throw, you 
can fit in quick command throws like the Atomic Buster (f,f+1+2) or those throws 
mentioned above that go into the mount. Also, use the reversals. They're there 
for a reason. People think offense is the key in this installment of Tekken. 
That aggressive mentality will only get you put on your back if you play somebody 
with a reversal. 

3. King
   I'm not so good with King. I was always better with Armor King. His main power 
is a variety of specialized moves, and a relatively large amount of unblockable 
moves. Many people avoid using King because a lack of launchers. I know one damn 
good player (Maverick) in particular who never used juggles with King until T4 and 
what he considered "cheap" players came along. His strength lies in the distance 
game. He can close a gap well with dashing moves and has a lot of long-range power 
shots. Unfortunately, many of his best moves have a lower priority than the popular 
moves used by most players. This is where the lay off (f, f+1+2) comes in. It's 
unblockable, has high priority, and sets up your opponent for who-knows-how-many 
follow-ups and dashes. All that adds up to a zero-damage move that can turn into 
a multi throw from long distance, if you're good. The Stagger Kicks are another 
great move, but are pretty popular, so I don't feel obligated to point out their 
usefulness. King has the best grappling game in all of Tekken history. That 
should go without saying. However, most people don't know how to mix up striking 
with grappling. He has a "combo" off of his double jab string into a throw 
(1,2,2+4) that is faster than most people can say, "oh crap, King just grabbed my ass!" 
Furthermore, if you ducked his jabs, he has the trusty power bomb (d+2+4) that will 
still get you if you wait too long for a counter strike. Then, the multi throws come out. 
Somebody got sick and tired of not knowing where King was going to hit (since he can hit 
anything he wants to hit) and they get grabbed. If no money is on the line (that is, 
we're playing on a console), I'll let a King player do the entire multi-throw on me, 
despite the fact i know how to escape the first move. Why? It looks cool!! Some people 
call multi throws cheap. They look better than monkey ass juggles and aren't as cheap. 
Every last move in a juggle combo is unblockable, unavoidable and can't be retaliated 
against. The Multi throws on the other hand, are totally legit. You can escape them easily. 
The originating moves are pretty hard to get off, too. With all those problems, it 
makes you wonder why people try to use them at all.
   Advice: Just like with Craig, use the combos and throw in a grab. King actually has 
special combos with jabbing and grabbing. Instead of the Winding Nut or Suplex, he'll 
use the Russian Leg Sweep you can normally only do in the arm breaker multi throws. 
Again, hit duckers with the power bomb, and sidesteppers get away.... for now. King's 
reversals only work with kicks, but that's just fine. The high number of people 
using Lee, Law and Hworang make the reversals worth it. That Maverick guy I mentioned 
above? There was this Hworang player streaking it up on our local machine when we 
arrived. Maverick got on as King. The streaker thought he would win easily because 
King is slow and sucks. (Sick smile creeps across face) An Hworang kick combo is 
nothing compared to the bone shattering power of a double heel hold. 

4. Craig's opponents in a nutshell
   The next two sections are a breakdown of what you need to watch out for and what
 you expect from the characters you'll face. It will be a basic generalization, and 
don't expect every last player you face to do the things I say they will. These are 
common tactics I have seen in use. 

   Steve: He's one of your biggest threats. He's quick as you-don't-know-what on both 
offense and defense. Most Steve players think they're slick, though. That's their 
downfall. Every last one of them will use the low punch sweep because they think a 
standing low punch is sweet and slick; just like they think they are. Just about half 
of Steve's moves are high. To solve both problems, simply duck block. The low punch 
will get nowhere and the high hits will sail over you noggin. Mid hits are what you 
need to worry about. If he gets an inch, he'll take a mile. Another common solution: 
Reverse. Craig has two reversals, one for high (b+1+2) and one for mid (b+3+4). 
Except for the "slick punch", you just nullified Steve's offense. This approach means 
playing turtle for the most part. Once you get them in the mount, keep them on the 
ground with the wide array of okizeme moves Craig has. Slowing the game down is 
important against Steve. Keep him in the mount, use grabs whenever he whiffs or 
recovers, and use okizeme constantly. Steve is based on speed; Craig can stop him in his tracks.

   Yoshimitsu: Sword boy is horrible in this edition of Tekken. He is fast, but 
not the fastest. He has range, but not the longest. The only special attention 
you need to give him is the sword and the Flash. Most of the sword moves are easily 
avoidable. His age in the gaming community is a great weakness. Yoshi has nothing 
left to offer us. The Flash gives him one of you moves after you pummel him with it. 
Due to Yoshi's size and style, stealing Craig moves is almost a joke. Keep the manji 
maniac in check with jab mix-ups and grapple techniques.
   
   Lee: I hate Lee. With a passion, I HATE Lee. This little bugger has nothing but 
quick hits and juggle combos. He has no game other than that innovated with older, 
better characters. Hell, half of his moves were stolen from other characters. He has 
a few low moves, but not that many will come out against you. Reversals are our best 
friends. Bulldogging with jab/chop combo mix-ups is the best offensive strategy for Lee. 
Up close, he has little and once you get him off his offense, he has trouble regaining the pressure.
  
   Bryan: Mr. Fury has been my favorite character since Tekken 3. His combos are quick 
and painful. He has decent power hits. Long and short ranges are covered. Get him on the 
ground. You can't stand up with a good Bryan player. So, take him to the pavement and 
okizeme him. I perfected my okizeme with Bryan, so try not to get taken down by him.

   Paul: There is nobody left who still uses Paul. Poor guy. I know how to use him 
and how good Paul players play. His combos are slow and predictable use that. If you 
have been playing Tekken for more than a month, you know Paul's power hits. The only 
thing you have to watch out for is his sway moves. If you bulldog on him, he'll sway 
back and unleash a hammer fist juggle or a rapid fire to stone breaker juggle. He has 
reversals, too, so watch out. Paul is also one of the few people who can reverse your 
tackle and your arm bar. Luckily you can reverse the arm bar reversal. The tackle, 
you'll just have to kick out of. He's dangerous for sure, but his use has dwindled and 
his moves are too well known. Unless you're a complete rookie, you should be able to 
beat Paul hands down.

   Law: Just like Lee, I hate this prick. With the reversals, all you have to watch 
out for is the low moves. His combos are harsh, so get him down on the ground quickly. 
Juggling is almost essential to a Law player, so keep yourself grounded. He doesn't 
have that much in the way of new stuff, so rookies beware, but veterans should win 
easily. Another method is keeping Law far away by changing up the jab and grab with a 
jab string to a power shot. The temporary stun from a jab or chop string will give 
you plenty of time to unleash a bazooka heel or two fisted shove (f+1+2). The little 
guys are problematic because the can easily avoid your moves, so make sure you trap 
them by buffering your power moves into rapid combos.

   Nina: Nina sucks. I'm sorry, but it's true. Her combos (which is nearly all of her 
moves) are lame and slow. Her up close game absolutely blows. Her grapples have a short 
range, which she won't be at because her moves are long range. Unless you've never seen 
Nina in action, don't bother with trying hard. Just play around with her. 

   Jin: You know I loved Jin. He was my second favorite character. Then they went and made 
him suck. By removing all the Mishima style and most of the Kazama style moves, they made 
a completely new character and just said it was Jin. He looks cool, has some cool moves, 
but nothing frightening in tactics. He's only good for bulldogging now. That means reversals 
and your own bulldogging. A lot of super-aggressive players lack defensive skill, so if you 
get the tide to turn, chances are you'll keep Jin in check for the rest of the match. His 
juggles are almost completely gone and long range with Jin is unthinkable. Don't worry; 
bulldogs get put down when they try to bite people.

   Heihachi: Funny thing about the oldest Mishima. When Tag came out, I started 
playing with Heihachi and Jin so I could get the Devil Jin stance kicking. Since 
I did that, I got really good with Heihachi. I know everything he has. Every trick 
a Heihachi player can throw out, I know. The only thing you could possibly have to 
worry about is a Demon Executioner combo side step (1,2,~u~1+2). Most people avoid 
Heihachi because he's slower than Kazuya. He's better, actually, at non-bull dog 
style fighting. So, in conclusion, Heihachi won't be anything to worry about simply 
because nobody knows how to use him properly. Long range is all right, nothing to 
speak of really. Up close is weak. Combos are slow enough to see coming and to stop. 
Juggles are the only real worry. If you see him dashing or crouch dashing, 
side step or prepare to reverse. 

   Kazuya: I really can't see why people like Kazuya. He isn't anything special.
Sure, he's quick and mean. Juggles galore and bull dogging are too common though. 
It sickens me that so many "masters" of Tekken only use these cheap tactics of 
keeping your opponent on guard or knocking them into the air so they can't guard. 
Kazuya is the epitome of that. He has no game besides juggling and bulldogging.  
Use Reversals and turn the table. Watch for those $%@# crouch dashers.

   Hworang: Ha Hahahahahahahahaha AH HA!!! This guy blows!! I don't know why 
anyone uses him. Low moves are non-existent, punching is dismal and his kicks 
are for the most part telegraphed. Wait for him to lift his foot of the ground. 
This is where most good Hworang players think they rock. Wait for that first 
kick in a series of ten. Reverse it and pummel his face. The Hworang player won't 
do a damn single thing that you can't simply reverse. Furthermore, running up 
in his face will overwhelm him. Hworang can't do anything a big ass grappler in 
his face. In fact, don't even reverse his stuff unless you want to embarrass 
him. Just rush him and keep up the pressure. Watch for counter hits while running. 
That's about the only time he'll hit you.

   Lei: What to do about Lei? I think they slowed down some of his combos since 
Tag and 3. Use that your advantage. Watch out for his stances, they can avoid 
certain moves (mainly high) and lead to some devastating techniques. I don't 
see Lei that much, except for with Maverick. That kid does the weirdest things 
with Lei, so I can't say what will work often and what won't. If Lei is on the 
ground, hit him quickly and get out of the way. He'll kick you just about anywhere 
he wants while just chilling there. Keep him covered if he hits the ground, take 
advantage of his slower moves reverse what you can.

   Kuma: Why'd they bring back Kuma? One of the Jacks would've been better. A 
completely new character would have been better still. He's slow, predictable 
and has nothing really cool to speak of. The only new innovation in his techniques 
is an enhanced hunting stance. Still, he sucks. Juggling is about the only thing 
Kuma does well, and he can't do that if you're throwing him on the ground and 
punching his face.

   Julia: Cheap tactics is all she has. Those little combos that go all over the 
place are horrendous. In this game, she seems slower though. Hurt her quickly. 
She can't do anything without going low on you, so don't count on the reversal. 
Just mix up on her and power hit her when she gives you the option.

   Christie: Ugh. She's worse than Eddy. She has almost nothing but low attacks 
and juggles. She is, in my opinion, the single cheapest character in the game. 
Reversals won't work because she's too low. Power hit and your jab strings will 
also go over her head. Leg lunge and drop toe hold her and then keep up an okizeme 
game. Your win loss percentage will drop like a brick trying to swim if you don't 
go low with Christie.

   Ling: I almost skipped her because I don't normally think about her. She is a 
pain in the ass, though. Her Phoenix stance is harsh for a big guy. Most of your 
moves will go right over her, including the takedown if you try that. Low hits 
are essential to beat Ling. A good player will use the stance to call out a low 
attack so he do that back flip thing real quick and jump on your head. Stay low, 
through that. Ling isn't built for really aggressive play or for a good defense 
against real aggressive play. Kick her low and try to get her on defense. Then 
keep up the pressure. Ling will crumble only if you get her on defense. She's too 
quick for you to go toe to toe with her. You have to keep the match uneven.
    
   King: King versus Craig is usually a good match. I love watching these. 
Unfortunately for King, he can only reverse kicks. So, punch him. Or kick him 
low, where he can't reach. Offensively, watch for that jump kick juggle crap. 
Stay on alert for the sudden Stagger kicks. His tactics, more or less will be 
the same as yours, so think how would you beat your own game and you should be fine.

   Craig: Uh huh. You won't find anybody playing Craig vs. Craig. You simply 
won't. But in case somebody tries it somewhere: Just like King, think how to 
beat yourself. With the high and mid ranges being covered by reversals, go low. 
Use the Leg Lunge (DF+4) and Drop Toe Hold (db+3+4). Ground him and pound him. 
Take him down and keep him down with okizeme. Craig is dangerous stand up and 
crouching. He can and will reverse the tackle and the arm bar finish if you let 
him, so sweep his big ass.

   The general strategy is to reverse and/or to ground-and-pound. If you want to 
go toe to toe with somebody, you have plenty of options. Mix-ups are my favorite. 
Long range might be obsolete soon with all the bulldogs out there, so use that 
sparingly. Up close is where I mix up my game, so stick to in your face tactics.

5. King's enemy breakdown

   Unlike Craig, King's reversals only work against kicks. With that, Hworang, Lee, 
Law and Jin are toast. King's asset over Craig is a more extensive move list (i.e.: 
more options for more situations). His general strategy is one of confusion. Don't 
let them know where you'll hit them. Also, keep their offense neutralized with 
constant grappling, reversing, etc.

   Steve: Most of his punches are high and mid. That means Stagger Kick (DF+3+4,4,4,etc). 
His up close pressure is great and his maneuverability make him a hard target at long 
range. You may want to consider King's quicker unblockables to break up Steve's aggressiveness. 
The Lay Off is perfect. If you keep on kicking him low and stopping his combos with a 
lay off started combo, Steve shouldn't be able to do much on you.

   Yoshimitsu: He uses a good mix of punches and kicks, so use the reversal 
at your discretion. Everyone knows poor yoshi's moves now. All you have to worry 
about is the sword and the Flash, just like with Craig. Unlike Craig, Stealing 
a King move can help Yoshi a lot, since King doesn't really take advantage of is 
size like Craig does. The best example for this point is the Disgraceful Kick (b+4) 
and the Bazooka Heel (b+4): Craig uses the entire length of his body, essentially, 
to kick the opponent. King swings around and lunges with his kicking leg. Craig 
uses his size King uses his agility. But, a Yoshi with a King move is dangerous. 
Just hurt him quickly with change ups and short-range moves, where Yoshi can't reach.

   Lee: Hah ha. Kick reversal. Stagger kick okizeme. Hah ha. Lee thinks he's 
sweet. HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH

   Bryan: Tough son of a bitch, Bryan is. His two most used combos have kicks as 
the first or second move. Block while buffering a reversal. His power moves are 
quick and his sweep is absolutely devastating if used properly. However, his power 
moves all dash and are high and mid. Go low and stay in close. His up close combs 
are nothing to laugh at, but are easily overwhelmed when you expect them to come. 
Jab string mix-ups will keep Bryan down and hurting.

   Paul: Paul is tricky. He has plenty of low hits and the sway moves are able to 
be unleashed from nowhere. But, the most common tactic is to bulldog, now. It used 
to be the power shot after power shot after power shot tactic. His combo is slow so 
hurt him. His power moves are the best, though. A throw back style player may be a 
thorn in your side if they were before Tekken 4 came out. I suggest sticking to an up 
close game on Paul. He can't do that much up close.

   Law: Sort of a combination of Lee and Bryan, in terms of how we deal with him. 
His combos almost always have a kick involved; so buffer the reversal from a block. 
His all punch combinations, which you'll rarely see, have long recovery, block it all 
and then damage him with jab mix-ups. His kicks are annoying because their angle and 
speed, but reversing them is still an option. His low moves will not do that much to 
you, however. Mainly, do to the fact we go low all the time as King players :). He's 
a piece of cake if you can keep your pressure equal or in your favor.

   Nina: Same as Lee. Just wait for that kick. It's coming. Just wait for it, you'll see.

   Jin: He's a bit tougher for King than for Craig. The kicks come later in his combos; 
so will be hard to reverse. His punching is excellent and he's an up close fighter, 
not a distance fighter. The best way to beat him is to separate the two of you with a 
lay off in the midst of Jin's combo and then pummel with mix-ups. As soon as he hits 
the ground, okizeme him. That turns the momentum in the non-aggressor's favor. Keep 
him at a distance from now on, Jin won't do a thing. Disgraceful kicks, Toll kicks and 
Parting Chops do the best at keeping a rushing in Jin at bay.

   Heihachi: He's simply too slow and under used to be a real threat to a good King 
player. Jab string mix-ups are best. Heihachi is a range fighter, so stay close by.

   Kazuya: The same as Jin, just avoid getting your guts punched in by stopping the 
combos and keep him far away. The crouch dash moves are easily countered with a 
Stagger Kick or head spinner (1+2,2). A bull dog on a good range fighter is nothing 
when that bull dogging is expected.

   Hworang: Remember above where I had that story about Maverick and the Hworang player? 
That's your tactic. Just reverse every last kick he throws. Cheap? Sure, but so are all 
the ten strings and juggles you just avoided.

   Lei: Lei is nasty. He can do a number of techniques from anywhere. Keeping him far 
away is the best option. Better yet, put him in a wall with the Irish whip (b+1+2), and 
put a jab string mix up into his back. As soon as Lei hits the ground, use a ground 
throw. He'll kick you otherwise. Techrolling will of course make that harder, but not 
everyone will techroll every move. Keep a distance between you where you can put a boot 
into Lei's face but he can't use any of his moves. He'll be hard.

   Kuma: Kuma must be Japanese for 'joke'. The bears really are pathetic. If they go into 
a hunting stance, you should use a Stagger Kick. If they go for a high hitting launcher, 
you should use a Stagger Kick. In fact, just go right after them with nothing but Stagger 
Kicks, they can't do anything. Kuma blows.

   Julia: Watch the low hits. Any high kicks (pretty rare) should be reversed immediately. 
Side step he little combos or jump kick her in the face when she goes down low. Stay close 
as well. Jab string mix-ups, once again, are your best friend.

   Christie: She's the worst. When she starts a little low kick combo, if you're not 
already juggled (cheap bitch), do those super high jumping moves like the Elbow Drop 
and the Black Bomb (uf+2+4 or uf+1+2). Okizeme is a good measure. In terms of range, I 
don't know. She can close in quickly and go low on you as you try to stop her advance. 
She can also trip your ass while you rush in. Knock her around with as many mix-ups as 
possible.

   Ling: *#$@, little freaking people. Phoenix stance is again a problem. Not as much 
though. Stagger Kick! That ought to teach the brat. Keep her at a distance with Kicks and 
Chops. Mix-ups are up to you. I don't advise getting that close to somebody who can avoid 
so many of your moves easily.

   Craig: Again, these make nice matches. They'll usually go to the final round (the 
machine I play one has best of five, so it'll go to the fifth round). He won't kick that 
much on you unless you try to rush him. If he gets low with the Tudo stance, Stagger 
Kick him or jump on him with an elbow drop or black bomb. He has the same mix up ability 
as you and the same long-range ability. His speed is comparable. He'll try to use the 
long range though. He fears your grappling ability and knows you can reverse the takedown 
and arm bar. He'll try to keep you far away. Use the crouch dash to go under his retaliatory 
strikes. That means.... MULTI THROWS!!!!!! Do it. Seriously. You'll never see it on the 
quick little punks who'll kick you in your face as you try for it. Take advantage of 
Craig's height and go low on him.
  
   King: Sheesh! Talk about a battle. King is too well rounded for any specifics to 
really be listed here. Use your ability at all ranges and targets. Learn your escapes/reversals. 
King kicks about as much as he punches. Try to identify what your opponent is using and counter 
that strategy (long range, up close, mix up, etc.) Okizeme is also very good on King. 

6. Final Comments

   Thanks for taking the time to read all of this. Again, any comments are appreciated 
and I'd like to get some feed back on this FAQ (e-mail's at the top). A lot of things 
went into this FAQ. First and foremost are the other FAQ's I've read. They are what taught 
me how to use Craig (thanks to Mini King, especially). I would've learned him anyway, but 
that FAQ saved my quite a bit in quarters. I'd like to thank Maverick for teaching me how to 
use King. The main inspiration to this was all the negative attitudes and comments about 
Craig and King. So, all you little guy lovers out there, thanks for letting me whoop your 
egotistical asses! King and Craig are by no means my best or favorite characters. I just like 
the big guys for what the yare in the game: Grapplers. In real life, I think grappling is 
the best method of fighting, that's why I love these guys. The reversals and jab-grab 
strategies I keep on pushing are real life strategies used in ancient martial arts. Plus, 
they look cooler than a lot of the punching and kicking. Special thanks again to:

 Mini King: For the Craig FAQ.
 Maverick: For being the best Tekken training partner and the best King player there ever 
was.
 Conan: For all the attitude.
 Castel: Tekken Zaibatsu is the best site on the web.
 Namco: For making this game.
 Young Yoo: That Jin's enemies FAQ is what gave me the format for this one. It also gave 
me the last bit of anti-big guy sentiment I needed to rite this.

   Tekken 4 is still a new game. A lot of old strategies have been left behind and a 
lot of potential strategies have not been found yet. The jab and grab or the ground and 
pound are a few strategies nobody's tried to make popular like the bulldog or juggling 
strategies. Big guys have nearly been forsaken in this edition of Tekken and I'd like to 
see a power character come back over the quick weenies. I don't play in tournaments and 
I don't have money to consistently be at an arcade. I work primarily with the PS2 controller. 
Still, I've beaten the hell out of tournament winners using their best character when I was 
a new character I had barely any practice with. I use a large variety of characters and I'd 
hate to see so many wonderful characters hated by the community. If you're a rookie, I suggest 
you try to learn how to use somebody that you like, not somebody you see everyone else play 
with. For the veterans, true masters can use any character to their best potential, not 
just one to a good potential. On game play, a domination game is boring. It embarrasses the 
dominated and doesn't really demonstrate the capabilities of the dominating. The best matches 
are the ones that go to the maximum number of rounds. They are the most entertaining, leave 
both players impressed with the other and don't waste somebody's quarters. I'm not saying 
to throw a match for a scrub, but just to use different tactics than those that leave no 
chance for a loss. Where's the fun if there is no risk to you? Let's play, not embarrass and 
discourage kids from learning how to play.
   I can't wait for the console version of Tekken 4. That's where I'll get more talent than anyone. 
My lack of cash flow is what hinders me from being a better arcade player; so don't talk trash 
about me sucking. I'm broke, there's nothing I can do about it. I play mostly at Pinball Pete's in 
Ann Arbor, Michigan. The sticks there are shitty, so I might switch to another arcade soon. You'll 
know it's me; I'll have an entourage of three or four people. I'm also the only one who uses Craig 
with any talent. Thank you for reading. I hope you get a lot of good information from this.
