CRAIG STRATEGY GUIDE FOR TEKKEN 4
By: //<
   [marckronald@yahoo.com]

Vetsion 1.0
2:45 PM 12/18/2002

/ INTRODUCTION /

  Thank you for picking up this guide and actually reading it.  Like
most other FAQs I think I should start off by ranting and raving
about copyright, so this is copyrighted (C) Marck Ronald Rimorin,
2002.  Don't you dare try to copy this guide and sell it on the FAQ
black market or anything, because I'm not going to tolerate any 
insolent act of selling my FAQ.  Secondly, please print or distribute
(not sell) this guide in its entirety.  If you are to post this guide
in your website please ask permission first (generally I'll say yes,
unless you're some site with a thief for an administrator).  Don't
nobody dare plagiarize and then start saying that you're me.  Since
I can't sue you, maybe I'll leave the burden on your conscience and
you can just try to be me once and see if you like it.  So that's that.

/ OVERVIEW /

  Marduk is the biggest, baddest and most powerful character in Tekken
4.  When played right, Craig is almost unstoppable, having an arsenal
of powerful moves which have only one purpose in mind: destruction.
Craig belongs to the top tier of characters in the game.

WHY MARDUK

  Marduk is a martial artist, but doesn't do karate, judo, taekwondo
or those fighting styles that many people pay lip service to.  His
fighting style is Vale Tudo, a form of jiujitsu (hand-to-hand combat
practiced by samurai) that originated in Brazil.

Strengths - Marduk is the best distance fighter in Tekken.  This means that
he can fight even within running distance without fear of retaliation.  He
also has the best array of defense in the game.  He is also without a doubt
a powerful guy.

Weaknesses - One word: size.  Marduk is a very easy target to hit.  Some of
his moves are very punishable and he is a poor juggler, too.

/ SOME MOVES IN DEPTH /

  These are the moves I frequently use with Marduk.  I'm not listing
every move here.  I tend to use few moves when it comes to Marduk,
most of them throws.

GRAPPLING ARTS

Position Switch
1+3 - This may not look that important, but this is the most important
throw in the arsenal of any character.  This is the best way to get out
of a wall situation.

Knee Crusher
2+4 - This is a very good throw, since it deals a wee bit more damage
than most other regular throws.  Like many other basic throws, it's
wise to throw a few of these at times because, after all, Craig is a
throwing character.

Rolling Powerbomb
F+2+4 - For people who backdash quite often (and this bappens a lot in
Tekken 4).  This deals the same damage and essentially has the same
use as 2+4, only this can be dash-buffered.

Body Slam
VTS 2+4_F+2+4 - When people know how to escape the Tudo Takedown, I
suggest using this in its place.  While you can't mount with this and
it deals an average amount of damage, it's still quite useful
especially if you are in Vale Tudo Stance a lot.

Tudo Takedown
VTS 1+2 - Nothing in Craig Marduk's arsenal will compare to the devas-
tation and destruction brought about by a Tudo Takedown that connects.
The Takedown doesn't do much in itself, but does wonders when followed
up by arts in the mount position (mounted punches, armbar, skull bash,
STF) and okizeme afterwards.  A Takedown, followed by 4 mounted punches
and the any of the mount enders (1 - skull bash, 2 - armbar at front
mount, STF at back mount) and b+1 will deal 88 points of damage.  But
this move isn't all that good because many other moves in Tekken have
a higher priority than this one, and there is, after all, a tackle
escape (note that the Tudo Takedown cannot be escaped when started from
a running distance).  This can also be seen from a mile away.  This is
a staple of Marduk's arsenal, and should be used whenever the opportu-
nity presents itself, not whenever you feel like it.

Southern Comfort
f,f+1+2 - This is, in my opinion, the most dangerous throw in Tekken 4.
Forget about King's Giant Swing, this is the real deal.  First, it can
be dash buffered.  Second, it requires two buttons to break.  The real
danger to this move is that it launches.  This is a class 1 bounce
launcher, so that should give you the kind of power there is in this
move that you won't have any problem with blocking, though there would
be in ducking and breaking.  Marduk isn't a good juggler, though, and
you would get a few good hits in and finish it off with b+1 soon after-
wards instead of an insane juggle.  You would find using this a lot in
place of regular throws.

Jackhammer
db,db+1+2 - Another cool-looking, all-important throw.  While this is
no substitute for the f,f+1+2, this can be buffered from the backdash.
This is excellent against pitbullers because the db motion can actually
permit you to block low whilst avoiding highs (full crouch).  The
damage isn't as insane as f,f+1+2 and it does not launch.  But this
offers better okizeme opportunities.

Northern Lights Suplex
QCF+1 - One of Craig's two throws that come off the rolldash.  Pressing
1+2 after the throw lands will put you in mount position.

Powerslam
QCF+2 - One of Craig's two throws that come off the rolldash.  Pressing
1+2 after the throw lands will put you in mount position.

Vertebreaker
QCB+1+2 - This is one heck of a brutal throw.  This deals an insane
amount of damage and can be buffered from the backdash.  This is cool-
looking throw, and you could put in a few okizeme hits for good
measure.  This throw will put your opponent down for good.  This throw
requires two buttons to break.

Powerbomb
d+1+2 (on ducking opponent) - When faced against ducking players,
especially Steve players who use a lot of extended ducking, this is
the move for you.  This is extremely useful because this is Craig's
most powerful front throw.  Like almost all of his front throws, this
requires two buttons to break.  

SPECIAL TECHNIQUES

1-2 Punches
1,2 - Normally, I would use a lot of jabs in my game, but I almost
never use this with Marduk.  Marduk's jabs are too slow to be effective
and useful in poking.  You'll end up being counterhitted in a poking
game so these things aren't that useful.

Earthquake Punch
b+1 - This is the best okizeme move in Tekken 4.  If you play Marvel
vs. Capcom II, and you play Juggernaut, you should be aware of this
move by now.  This doesn't quite work on a non-okizeme situation, such
as ending juggles or against standing opponents.  It works wonders on
grounded opponents, especially against those Lei players who play dead
a lot (although rarely will you see PLD-ing Lei's nowadays because the
execution time is too slow).  The only downside to this move in okizeme
is that it cannot catch opponents who roll to the side.

Swing Uppercut
df+1 - This is a decent jugglestarter that's fast enough to be done in
close range.  A simple juggle will be fine for this launcher.

Power Hammer
1+2 - Marduk's version is indeed very similar to those of the Jack
series before.  When this hits, your opponent is left ducking and you
can use d+2+4, dealing insane damage (add some good okizeme and you
know what I'm talking about).

Sway Hammer
db+1+2 - A Power Hammer that swings, similar to the Jacks' d+1+2.  This
has a better launching height than df+1 or d+1+2.  The recovery time is
kinda slow, so you wouldn't get as much hits as you would (note: Marduk
is not a juggler).

Craig Bomb
f+1+2 - Let's define a "bomb."  A "bomb" is a move that is executed by
the forward thrust of the arms.  Think Hwoarang's LFF f+1+2 or Nina's
f+1+2.  The Craig Bomb is quite similar, only it doesn't offer the
usefulness factor of Hwoarang's or the damage (combined) of Nina's.  But
it's kinda quick and kinda slow, too, and can be used to end juggles or
combos.

Shoulder Impact
d+1+2 - Almost everything you want and need in a launcher is here: a
good launching height, irreversible, decent damage, good range.  But
this isn't a very good launcher in the sense that it's quite slow and
recovery time is too long to contemplate.  Whiffing this move is very
dangerous: you are liable to get hit with pokes, fast power moves and
even throws.  The juggle opportunities for this is quite limited because
of Craig's limited juggling skills.  But if you like juggling, this is
a bread-and-butter move for you.

Headbutt
df+1+2 - This is one of the best moves in Craig's arsenal, despite the
fact that nobody really uses it.  The opportunities for this move to
actually be very useful are limited: advancing opponents, punishing
whiffed moves, finishing big-character juggles (if you time it right).  
It deals power-move damage.

Alligator
d+2,4 - This is the answer to reversal-happy people who think they can
reverse or parry attacks all the time.  The first hit is an elbow, the
second hit is a knee that causes a stun that can allow for a df+1+2 or
something.  An el cheapo grande move for those who live off reversals.

Berzerker
f+2,1,2,1 - The Berzerker is Marduk's version of a rush punches (although
these things aren't actually punches but chops).  Like his basic jabs,
this is not as useful as its counterparts in other characters, because it
hits all high and doesn't give enough forward momentum to be effective.
It's quite good to be used in juggles, if you can pull it off (the fact
that Craig's launchers require a reasonable amount of reach and forward
momentum makes it quite difficult to hit every hit).

Bicycle Kick
f,f+3 - This is Craig's most damaging art.  It takes quite a bit of time 
to actually pull it off, and a lot of time to know how to pull it off.  It 
is very easy to be caught in a juggle with this (unlike Bryan's b,b+4 or 
Jin's 4~3, you are more likely to be at the receiving end of a free juggle 
with this one).  There aren't a lot of situations wherein you can use this 
move, but is another one of those perfect stance-breakers against Lee, Lei 
and Law (though betting on Law in Dragon Stance during high-level play 
would kinda be uncommon).

Gator Stomp
(ub_u_uf)+3+4 - This is another one of those Craig moves that take quite 
a bit of time to master and to, well, time.  Basically Craig jumps up and 
then stomps his opponent.  This is THE perfect punisher for knocked down
opponents who would like a free cross chop or a KND 3.  Depending on the
direction you use, you either hop up, back or forward.  This is another
great tool against PLD Lei's, RLX-ed Christie's or Hunting Bear-ed Kuma's.

Bazooka Heel
b+4 - This is similar to what I believe is King's b+4 (please correct me if
I am mistaken).  This does not recover backturned, and deals one hell of an
amount of damage.  It's quite fast, but you are vulnerable within the first
few frames.  The great thing about this move is that it is a tumble knockback
move, extremely efficient for knocking opponents to the walls and then
beating them up right then and there (or tackle them).  The Tudo Takedown 
does not reach them at tumble knockback range, so there.

Leg Scissors
db+3+4 - This is a version of Bicycle Kick done with two legs.  This is quite
similar to Jin's Leg Scissors.  On counterhit, this will connect into a Trip
Takedown throw.

Gator Sweep
(FC,df_DF)+4 - Basic okizeme move with excellent range.  This is one gem of
a move because it has tremendous range and is executed off FC.  

Three-Point Tackle
f+3+4 - Under normal circumstances, stay away from this move.  It takes time
before you can actually pull it off (about the length of a quick unblockable)
and to actually hit it would kinda be like a miracle of sorts.  This is one
of the worst tracking moves in Tekken, so only a fool would get hit by this
one.  Problem is that there are a lot of foolish moves one can make against
Marduk, like taking a few steps forward to close the distance.

Vale Tudo Stance
3+4 - With the possible exception of Kuma's Hunting Bear Stance, this is the
best stance in Tekken 4.  Against high and low attacks, you are virtually in-
vincible, and the only things you have to worry about are mid attacks.  There
are five important attacks off this.  Pressing 1 will result in a Health Tap
(a rising chop).  Pressing 2 will result in a Tornado Chop.  Pressing 3 will
result in a Cyclone Kick, f+2 into a Power Straight.  Of course, there's the
Tudo Takedown.

/ OPPONENT STRATEGY /

  There is no definite strategy for beating a player.  But there are
strategies for defeating a character.  There'll always be button-
mashers, masters and average players in our midst.  Here are guidelines
to beating Tekken 4 characters: (I won't put a "Difficulty Level"
rating here)

Kuma/Panda - Kuma is Craig's mortal enemy when it comes to size and power.
The fact that both of you have the perfect stances of Tekken means that this
would result ultimately in a stance match.  Never fear, the Takedown will
catch Kuma even in HB Stance.  Breaking Kuma's stance will be much better,
as you do have b+1 and ub_u_uf+3+4 anyway.  One thing about Kuma is that you
will lose in trading punches.

Fighting Discipline: advanced bear fighting

Hwoarang - If there's anything I hate about Hwoarang is his f,N,d,df+3.  If
you block it he gets a good frame advantage and he'll just use some fast kick
string or body blows.  I would like to pay special mention to the d+4,4
launcher because it's now well near useless, but it's still imperative to
block the low attack AND the mid launcher.  The high and mid reversals will
work quite well against Hwoarang.  The gem in this match is that Craig is
a much better fighter than Hwoarang even within the "optimum Hwoarang distance."

Fighting Discipline: Tae Kwon Do

Yoshimitsu - Sword arts and copy moves, yeah right.  Yoshimitsu is a versatile
character but quite an easy fight for Marduk.  The key to beating Yoshi is
timing.  Yoshi has the most useful array of unblockables in the game and
many people will not hesitate using quick sword attacks.  Another thing to
watch out for are quick arts like f,f+4 and df+4, because when they use it
right these will give you no end of pain.  Long distance fighting and a lot
of mounting (unfortunately) will make sure you win the match in no time.

Fighting Discipline: Manji Ninjitsu

Julia Chang - Julia is one of the best characters in Tekken, period.  Julia
has "panic button" attacks like 1,1,1 that almost always seem to connect.  She
also "inherited" Michelle's f,f+2 lunge punch that has tremendous range and
has tumble knockback to boot.  The most dangerous attacks Julia has are those
elbows like f+1 and WR+1,2.  Equally dangerous is her Slingshot Throw (b+2+4)
which will throw you to a wall, stun you and leave you vulnerable for class 2
juggles.  Julia is the best class 2 juggler in Tekken 4.  The best advice I
can give you is to keep yourself at an optimum long distance because Julia
is weak at that distance and let it be that way for as long as you possibly
can.

Fighting Discipline: Chinese Kenpo

Violet/Lee Chaolan - Lee is a cheap character to use and is very easy to
defeat.  A lot of Lee players go into Hitman Stance because almost all of
his best moves come off that stance.  The Tudo Takedown will be sufficient,
as with the Leg Scissors and Alligator.  The cheap d+4 and all its followups
(d+4,4,4,4, d+4,N+4) can be low parried.  Against quick-jabbing Lee's (the
only real effective way to fight with Lee) you'll have to change your stra-
tegy quite a bit, so work up close with df+1.

Fighting Discipline: Karate

Ling Xiaoyu/Miharu - Xiaoyu has become the toughest character to beat in
Tekken 4.  Xiaoyu is virtually immune to your high priority attacks while
in Phoenix Stance, and she can retaliate at whatever.  I never tried the
Tudo Takedown against her because it's too dangerous, as well as throws and
even basic jabs don't work.  I find that the best way to beat her is to
deal as much damage as you can during the earlier parts of the match, and
that means throws and headbutts.  For as long as Xiaoyu does not go into
Phoenix Stance, this will work quite well.  If she does, take some distance
back and use Gator Stomp or Gator Sweep, whichever one you prefer.

Fighting Discipline: Hakke Ken/Hikke Ken

Craig Marduk - This is basically a match on who uses the better Craig.  There
are two schools of thought in the Craig Marduk world: one is the school of
throws and the other is the school of arts.  I tend to meet halfway between
the two.  A player educated in the school of throws would use almost every
front throw on you, especially the Tudo Takedown and the Southern Comfort.  The
player educated in the school of arts would use more of strikes.  Against
grapplers, escaping the throws while unleashing a flurry of punch strikes (that
way you would be sure to escape the throws) is my way of doing things.  Against
strikers, exactly the opposite would work.

Fighting Discipline: Vale Tudo

Lei Wulong - Lei has fallen into relative weakness and obscurity in Tekken 4.
Lei is not as good as he was in Tekken Tag Tournament, and it takes a bit more
time to go into stance transition, especially PLD.  Razor Rush is still an
open threat to your game, and is the most efficient way to get into a stance.
The b+1+2 can take you out within mid range and VTS, but is still slow enough
to be interrupted with df+1, d+2,4 and b+4.  Breaking stances is easy with
Marduk, with b+4, VTS 1+2 and uf+3+4.

Fighting Discipline: Kung Fu

Kazuya Mishima - Kazuya is perhaps the best character in Tekken 4, because
he can take you out with a good stun and a few good hits.  When playing against
Kazuya you'll have to pull out all the stops and take him down where he's
very vulnerable - the ground.  Keep Kazuya down, and that means mounting with
VTS 1+2, QCF+1 1+2 and QCF+2 1+2.  Keeping Kazuya grounded is extremely
important, because you are a big target for his stuns.

Fighting Discipline: Streamlined Mishima-Ryu

Paul Phoenix - Another player you want to keep grounded.  The number of people
playing Paul nowadays are significantly reduced because the Smasher, Shredder,
Bonebreaker and Shoulder Ram have been toned down a bit, but Paul is still a
power hitter.  The Iron Mountain (d+1+2) is another move that Paul players
will use to its limitless potential, as well as the b,f+1 elbow.  Mounting
is kind imperative, but to make the game a bit more fun (and humiliating) b+1
and b+4 will spell death for almost any Paul player.

Fighting Discipline: Combined Martial Arts based on Judo

Jin Kazama - I can't help but call this character cheap.  Almost every known
and useful strength can be found in him, and he is a character with very few
weaknesses.  While many players pay lip service to the "awesomeness" of Jin,
I find that he is quite easy to defeat, especially when you are in VTS and
you are within long distance.  Jin's unblockable variant of the Laser Cannon
(b,f+2,1,d+2#) can be just-framed to stop the light-thingies, but that
doesn't mean it can't be reversed.  Jin has lost the ability to juggle well.
He is very easy to catch in VTS 1+2 and f,f+1+2, but I don't know why.  The
Lingering Soul taunt is one thing you'll have to watch out for, as well as
his new version of Demon Scissors.

Fighting Discipline: Traditional Karate

Nina Williams - There can't be any doubt in anybody's mind that Nina Williams
is one of the best characters in Tekken 4.  She has the best arsenal of attack
height mixups that you will have to reverse a few attacks here and there to
make sure she doesn't go for those sick short combos and juggles.  Divine
Cannon (db+4,3) wouldn't be a huge problem because you're big and she can't
launch you as high.  VTS arts are also imperative when she goes for high pokes.
Against Blonde Bomb-happy players, block it and then go for Three Point Tackle
(which is something to humiliate them with, f+3+4 has awful execution time).

Fighting Discipline: Bone Martial Arts & Aikido

Steve Fox - Around Tekken circles in my school and in my circle of friends, I'm
the only one who uses Craig and Steve.  Steve is cool because all Tekken players
are still adjusting to a low punch, evident in db+2 and d+2,1,f+2.  Steve's
attacks are all punches.  Against button-mashing idiots (though Steve cannot be
played to his fullest potential with button-mashing), reversals and VTS arts will
do.  Against real Steve players, they will exploit the great jabbing range but
it's not good enough if you stay back... way back, then go for dash moves.  I
never tried d+2+4 against weaving, but against ducking it works wonders.

Fighting Discipline: Boxing

Christie Montiero/Eddy Gordo - Christie is still a haven for button-mashers,
but she tends to be a little choppy that you can exploit this with df+1 and
d+2,4.  As soon as she begins breakdancing with Vault Sweeps and Sattelite
Moon, use df+1+2 (I guarantee it), and your opponent will never dare use it
again, especially when you do it against walls.  Your b+1 and uf+3+4 will also
do nicely.

Fighting Discipline: Capoiera

Bryan Fury - Bryan is my favorite character.  It's very hard to go against a
good Bryan, what with WS+3 and 1,4, f,f+2 and f,f+4.  He also has the B+1+2
punch parry, so try not to use so much punches.  I recommend mounting, because
like Kazuya and Paul you'll have to take him down where he can't put high pres-
sure on you.  Pull out all the stops: VTS 1+2, QCF+1, QCF+2, and if you can,
send him tumbling with b+4, wait a bit and go for a tackle.  Be fast with your
punches.  If you can mount him on his back, do it.  

Fighting Discipline: Streetfighting based on Kickboxing

Heihachi Mishima - Heihachi is now resting on faded glory, and is slower and
weaker than he once was.  I mean, he's 75 years of age, and I don't know many
75-year-old fighting game characters who can fight well (remember Wang Jinrei?).
Heihachi is still the juggle king, and expect a lot of Mishima moves.  Nothing
much to say here but hit him with your best moves and you'll do fine.

Fighting Discipline: Mishima-Ryu

King - King is Craig Marduk's mortal enemy, and if you want to stage a hell of
a real match, then pull all the stops.  King isn't really that hard to defeat
once you get the hang of it.  Multithrows are pieces of crap when you know how
to escape them, but if you don't, pressing 2 repeatedly would not answer your
problem.  King's df+1 would counter most everything you've got.  Mounting is
another good strategy, but I suggest using more of your power strikes, like
b+4 and d+1+2 or db+1+2.

Fighting Discipline: Wrestling

Marshall Law - A good Law is hard to beat, because he has very few weaknesses
and lots of strengths.  But if you've been playing against a lot of Law's since,
say, Tekken 3 and Tekken Tag Tournament, Marshall Law is dealt the same way:
BLOCK LOW.  VTS would do fine against that stupid Junkyard Combo (b+2,3,4) of
his.  Mounting remains your best way of dealing damage, as well as fast power
strikes and throws.

Fighting Discipline: Gung Fu/Jeet Kun Do

Combot - Just guess who the hell he is and fight the same way.

Fighting Discipline: Mimicry

/ THE MOUNT POSITION /

  If you've come this far in reading you may have noticed that I emphasized a
lot of mounting in playing Craig Marduk.  Tekken dogma dictates that Craig's
mount abilities are cheap and dishonorable, and any self-respecting Tekken
player should shun the mount position in favor of playing an "honorable" version
of Marduk.

  I've been playing Marduk for a while now and for a while believed that dogma.
But I wasn't winning matches.  I tried to incorporate the mount position into my
game and realized that the mount position is the most important aspect of Craig's
playing style.

  Let's set the record straight: Craig is a full-contact Vale Tudo fighter. 
Marduk is NOT a striking character, but a grappling character by nature.  He
would be at the greatest disadvantage if he is incapable of the mounting
techniques he possesses now.  It's well near impossible to win with Marduk
without at least a small measure of mounting, at least in high-level play.
Marduk is an average striker, and wouldn't stand a chance against high-pressure
characters like Bryan, Nina, Steve, Hwoarang and Paul.  To guarantee a win,
you MUST mount your opponent.

  Let me make it perfectly clear that mounting is not executed by merely going 
into Vale Tudo Stance and then charging at your opponent with Tudo Takedown.
If the only viable option for mounting is the Tudo Takedown, then Craig could
have been the cheapest character in the game.  Here are a few ways and tricks
to mounting.

Tudo Takedown - This is the most practical way to mount your opponent.  To make
the Takedown effective, you must be more or less 3/4ths of a screen away from
your opponent to make it inescapable and at least guarantee the 12 points of
damage.  Up close, you must be quick on the draw with VTS and be even quicker
with 1+2.  Craig covers a wide sidestepping range in VTS, so exploit that and
back mount your opponent.  The Tudo Takedown is also the only practical way for
back mount.

Northern Lights Suplex & Powerslam - Craig's two rolldash throws offer the most
damaging forms of mounted warfare.  Unlike the Takedown, you will have to be
within throw range, and that means putting yourself in the line of jabs and quick
moves, like low kicks and elbows.  These also have one-button escapes.  If you
can pull them off, press 1+2 to immediately put yourself in mount position.

Tackle - Other characters will tackle you, go to those quick mounted punches,
and then leave (in the case of Paul, Nina and Jin, they'll go to armbar).  In
the case of Craig, your opponent will be in the worst position imaginable: the
guard in the mounted position.

Mounted Arts - Basic right punch_left punch, can be done four times.  The fourth
punch will end up on Skull Bash (front & back mount) (1) or Armbar (front mount)_
STF (back mount) (2).  The fourth punch can be faked out into mount enders by
1~2 or 2~1.  If they try to escape, press 1+3_2+4 for a damaging ground grapple.

The Riddle Of The Guard - Chances are above-average Tekken players will know
how to block/guard against the mounted position.  So it is important to know how
to exploit an opponent on guard.  An opponent on guard always has the advantage
of blocking your shots, because the mounted punches come out a bit slower than
the blocking motion.  That's the reason why I have to stress this: keep on pun-
ching as fast as your strategy would allow it.  Chances are a fast punching
motion would keep your opponent from blocking your shots.

Skull Bash vs. Armbar - Really doesn't matter.

/ THE AUTHOR /

  The author is a 17-year old college freshman from Baguio City,
Philippines.  He likes to play games - a lot of games, especially
the Tekken series, Counterstrike, Quake III, the Age of Empires series
and basketball.  He's 5 feet 7 inches, weighs in at 100 pounds.  Around
the place, he is easily recognizable by his hair (which is coated in
baby oil and alcohol-based hair gel), his thick blue glasses, his
pale skin and his black-white-and-blue ensemble.  He often plays Bryan,
but is often seen playing Steve and Christie, sometimes Craig, although
he is easily recognizable with his weird way of using Kuma.  He often
plays with the same troupe of game junkies.  When not playing, he
often diappears from the public eye, appearing in unexpected places.

/ THANKS & CREDITS /

Myself - need I say more?
Catlord - for the movelist, the site and Tekken psychology manual.
Castel - for the site.

Namco - for the game.

Fellow Tekken players:

Garry Soriano, Andrew Santos, Noel Barrientos, Neal Ayungo.

You - for reading this thing.

Hasta la vista.