              THE MISHIMA COMPENDIUM: JIN KAZAMA  

By Red King (red_king74@hotmail.com)


CONTENTS:

**INTRODUCTION:
 -Brief introduction to Jin
 -TTT Jin VS T3 Jin

**ANALISYS OF THE MOVES:
 -Moves
 -Throws
 -Strings

**MOVEMENTS AND UNCONVENTIONAL MOVES: 
 -Spacing movements and Wave Dash 
 -Dash Buffer
 -Crouch Dash tricks
 -Instant WS

**JUGGLES
 -Juggle starters
 -List of Juggles
 
**OKIZEME
 -Ground Positions
 -Okizeme options

**STRATEGY: 
 -General advices 
 -Set Up game 
 -Psychological domination 

**THE SIDESTEP
 -General considerations
 -Attacking after a SS
 -Offensive SS

**THE TAG
 -Tagging out
 -Tagging in
 -Tag Partners

**CREDITS AND LEGAL STUFF
  

---------------------------------------------------------------------


***INTRODUCTION***

After some months from my last (and only) FAQ here comes my new work, 
this time a Tekken Tag Tournament guide for the most popular characters 
in the game: the Mishima family.
This document is the first part of the "Mishima compendium" and it is  
dedicated to my favourite char (even in Tekken3 days), Jin Kazama.
In this FAQ I will revise and use some parts of my previous FAQ (the T3 
FAQ "Jin Kazama: the son of the devil") since I do believe that some 
contents of that guide even if planned for T3 are still actual and can 
be of some use even now that TTT is out.
However in this guide I want to stress the importance of learning the 
NEW aspects of the game, since you can't imagine how many players still 
play TTT as a T3 "champion edition", a Tekken3 with more chars and a 
couple of new moves.
Learning how to tag safely is for example one of the first thing that 
you must learn if you don't want to become your opponent's favourite 
punching ball.
The fact that the basis of the game are the same of T3 is obvious, but 
the tag system, the increased speed of the game, the universal low 
parry, the better sidestep of every char and, of course, the new moves, 
transform TTT in a new game which needs to be studied in-depth if you 
want to obtain top results.
The purpose of this guide is not to teach you something; I just wanted 
to put my knowledge at the service of the Tekken community; I don't 
pretend to be a master, I just would like to let other people know what 
I think (and know) about TTT and Jin in particular; if the content of 
this guide will help someone, well, I will be happy.
I still have to master the game since I haven't played it too much in 
the arcade (this guide is for Ps2 TTT), so I will update this guide 
every time I will find new stuff.



**Brief introduction to Jin**

For all those players who haven't played Tekken3 (or played T3 not with 
Jin), I will try to give a small picture of the strengths and the 
weaknesses of this amazing character.
About his strengths, well he is, in the right hands, one of the best 
chars in the game, with a really good spacing abilities, able to deal an 
impressive amount of damage with his juggles, and geared with a good 
number of useful moves (good ss, ws, low, mid and high attacks). 
He is not the fastest char in the game, not the most evasive or mobile, 
not the best poker, he is not the most damaging even (well, maybe he is 
au-pair with other two or three chars in this case), and definitely he 
is NOT the easiest char to use; however, in all the fields that I've 
mentioned(except the last one) Jin is almost always in the top5, and 
this strengthen his position as one of the best all round characters in 
the game.
About his weaknesses, well, as I told before, he is not easy to use, his 
most useful moves require complex movements, and to exploit him at his 
best you need to gain an impressive manual ability; all 
the best Jin players I've seen so far have learnt or are practising on 
this complex movements.
If you don't learn how to use most of his moves properly you will find 
yourself relying upon the same four moves, which will inevitably make 
your game predictable (the worst thing that can happen when you play 
against a skilled opponent).
Furthermore, now that every char has a better sidestep Jin can be 
sidestepped more easily than before, so you must learn how to play an 
accurate and careful game, or your move will whiff more and more often 
(the second worst thing that can happen when you play against a skilled 
opponent).
This is a common problem in TTT so I will never stop stressing the 
importance of learning when to attack and when not.
 


**T3 Jin VS TTT Jin**

If TTT is your first Tekken, and you haven't played extensively Tekken3 
and Jin, you can jump this paragraph since the content won't be of any 
use for you (I hope you read it in any case ;)...), but if you are a 
hardcore T3 Jin player, well, I think I can imagine the first question 
that jumped to your mind: is TTT Jin stronger or weaker than T3 Jin?
As I told before, I still have to play a lot TTT before I can say my 
final impression, but for now I think that Jin is not stronger or weaker 
than before, just changed a bit, but still a TOP char.
I will analize briefly the major changes that Namco made to him, since I 
will treat this subject more accurately in the other sections of this 
guide.
I think that the main new weapons that Jin gained in TTT are due not to 
his command list but to some new features of the game: the stagger after 
having blocked some low moves and the universal low parry.
In the first case, thanks to his good old ws+2, Jin can punish (after 
having blocked) some low moves that he could not punish in T3, like 
Lei's db+4 or Heiachi's HellSweep for example.
The universal low parry gives him the opportunity to interrupt(and deal 
damage) those short strings that he had instead to block passively in 
T3, like Julia's 1,1,4 or 4,4 for example.
Two really good addictions that make Jin stronger against certain chars.
Another important point is that Jin's juggles, even if less damaging 
than in T3(but still really damaging) are in most cases easy to perform 
and to connect, which means that Jin is one of the best chars to use to 
end the tag juggles, the most important juggles in the game.
As every good TTT player knows, the tag juggles are the only juggles 
that won't allow your opponent to recover energy while he is out of the 
screen.
Furthermore Jin is one of the chars that when out of the screen becomes 
almost immediately enraged with the Netsu Power (after 4 hits taken by 
your team-mate).
These two skills make Jin one of the best tag partners in the game.
About his new moves, well, the only one that is really, really useful is 
the new b+4 kick, which gives Jin a new dimension in the okizeme field.
This kick has good properties even against a standing opponent, and I 
will analize it in the moves section, but I can tell you that if you are 
going to play against many Jin players (from scrubs to top players) you 
will see this move coming out very often (and if you are playing against 
scrubs, even more often than the Ewgf...poor abusers).
Let's go now to the bad news.
Well, first of all the stun of the b,f+2 is escapable, which means that 
you don't have any guaranteed juggles after connecting on Ch with this 
move; a very bad news considering that the b,f+2 was one of Jin's main 
weapons in the Ch field, and one of the most damaging moves (since all 
the most damaging juggles that Jin had started with this move).
Another change has been made to his df+2, since now whenever it connects 
not on Ch it won't stagger anymore.
I rated the df+2 one of the most useful moves in T3 due to it's 
properties, and the stagger was one of them.
The fact that you could hit a ducking opponent with it and juggle him 
(even if the juggle was escapable -not so easily-) was a really good 
feature of this move, and now without it Jin lacks a really damaging 
close weapon against a ducking opponent (f,f+2 and the instant or cd 
cancelled ws+2 are slow compared to df+2).
The df+2 was one of the few moves that could not be sidestepped on the 
left so you could use it to prevent your opponent to abuse of the 
sidestep just by mixing the df+2 with the ewgf(which could be 
sidestepped only on the left); now if your opponent sidesteps on the 
left he doesn't take high risks, since he won't be juggled unless on Ch.
If you add that, with the better SS of each char, the df+2 sometimes can 
be sidestepped even on the left, you can well understand how more 
difficult can be now Jin's anti-sidestep game.
In the end, as I told before, Jin is just changed a bit, but thanks to 
the new game system (I will explain why later in this guide), he is 
still one of the strongest characters in the game.
I have done countless discussions about the "Jin is overpowered" or "Jin 
is the best char in the game" subjects on the various forums on the net 
, and what I've learnt is that too many players are frightened by his 
versatility and too many times they exchange one of their own weaknesses 
for Jin's power.
 



***ANALYSIS OF THE MOVES***

This section is entirely dedicated to the technical analysis of Jin's 
moves; the main frame of this section is the same of my previous guide, 
but I've added many comments for some old moves and obviously for the 
new ones.
The purpose of this section is to cover the strengths and weaknesses, 
with particular attention to the speed of execution and the recovery 
time of each move. 
In order to give a better picture of this two prameters I will use the 
frame datas that can be found at www.tekkenzaibatsu.com (thanks Castel 
for this one).
I will give a small explanation about the frame data system and I will 
use the standard jab as example:


Cmnd    dmg    rg      Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv    

 1       5      h       8        +3        +9       +9

 
Cmnd=command     

Dmg=damage  

Rg=range: h(high), m(mid), M(Mid, even grounded opponent), l(low), 
L(Low,even grounded opponent), sm(specialmid) and ! (unblockable) 

The -Fhit- indicates the number of frames that pass from the moment you 
HIT THE BUTTON and the moment that the move will hit the opponent.

The -Badv- indicates the number of frames that you have of advantage (if 
the number is positive) or disadvantage (if the number is negative) 
after your opponent has blocked the move.  

The -Hadv- and -CHadv- indicates the number of frames you have of 
advantage or disadvantage after you have hit you opponent with the move 
with a normal-hit and with a counter-hit; a Kd indicates that your 
opponent is knocked down.

All the special properties of each move will be explained in the 
analysis of the move and listed at the end of each paragraph.

In TTT some moves that launch you in the air can be Tagged to perform 
the tag juggles; this kind of launchers are divided according the height 
at which they juggle your opponent, from class 1 (moves that juggle you 
very high like Devil's ss+2 or Yoshi's 4~3) to class 4.
Jin has almost only class 2 launchers (like his Ewgf or the Rising 
Upper), but you will find some infos about the other kind of launchers 
later in this guide (mainly in the Juggle section).
However against the Big guys (the Jacks, Kuma, Ganryu, Ogre) sometimes 
the properties of the lanuchers will change a bit.
Whenever a move is Tag-able I will specify it in the properties section, 
along with the changes I mentioned before.


--Conventions--

1   - Left Punch
2   - Right Punch
3   - Left Kick
4   - Right Kick
5   - Tag button


f   - tap forward once           
b   - tap backwards once         
d   - tap down once              
u   - tap up once                
d/f - tap down/forward once
d/b - tap down/back once
u/f - tap up/forward once
u/b - tap up/back once
F   - hold forward           
B   - hold backwards          
D   - hold down              
U   - hold up                 
D/F - hold down/forward 
D/B - hold down/back 
U/F - hold up/forward 
U/B - hold up/back 


+   - Commands must be input simultaneously
,   - Move to be done following the previous one
_   - Or (either command may be input)
~   - Command to be input immediately after the previous one 
FC  - Full Crouch
WS  - While Standing from a crouch
N   - Neutral joystick i.e. no movement input
SS  - Sidestep
CD  - Crouch Dash (f,N,d,d/f) 



**MOVES**


Basic left jab:
Cmnd    dmg    rg      Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv 
 1       6     h        10       +3        +9       +9

The basic left jab deserves a section on his own for the consistent 
frame advantage that it gives to you even if blocked; +3 frames of 
advantage means infact that you can use this jab to put real pressure on 
your opponent even if he has a char with a basic left jab of 8 frames.
Basically you can jab and have the certitude that you can perform 
another jab without the risk of being interrupted by your opponent 
jabbing game.
Obviously your second jab can be ducked or countered by other evasive 
moves (Lei's b+1+2 just to mention one), but this means that you can use 
the jab to put pressure on your opponent and to force him to react (and 
this is exactly what you want).
I will cover more about this jab in the set-up moves section.


Basic low jab: 
Cmnd    dmg    rg      Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
 d+1     5     Sm       8        -2        +9       +9

The basic low jab is the fastest move you have in your arsenal to 
interrupt an incoming attack; obviously this move must be used in a 
clever way or you will end eating juggle starters.
In general you should use this move during the poking game against your 
opponent retaliation to gain the huge advantage that this move gives you 
when it connects (+9 frames means that he must block or he will ate 
almost every move you will perform).
Remember however that when your opponent blocks the d+1 you will have a 
disadvantage of 2 frames so he will be able to anticipate you in the 
next attack.



One-two punches:
Cmnd    dmg    rg      Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
 1,2    6,10   h,h      10      +3,-5    +9,+10    +9+10 

This move has been subject to some changes from T3; in TTT infact you 
are at a huge disadvantage if your opponent blocks the second punch, so 
the usefulness of this move in the poking field has decreased a bit (in 
T3 you were at 0 frames of advantage).
However the second punch has a really good range and is difficult to ss 
on the left(which is really important if you are playing against a good 
sidestepping opponent); furthermore it has good priority and stops 
incoming attacks (it happened more than once that this string stopped 
even the terrifying wgf) better than the other punch string 
1,1,(2).
Whenever the first punch connects, the second one is always guaranteed 
(the second punch of the 1,1 sometimes whiffs mysteriously) and gives 
you a huge advantage for the next move, so this string is well suited 
for set-up purposes(more about this in the set-up section).
Be careful to ducking opponents cause obviously the string can be 
punished if it whiffs.



Demon Slayer combo:
Cmnd      dmg       rg      Fhit     Badv        Hadv       CHadv
1,2,2   6,10,18    h,h,h     10    +3,-5,-12   +9,+10,+1  +9,+10,+1

One of the possible ender of the One-two Punches, this combo ends with a 
backfist which hits high (as the other two punches); even if the Demon 
Slayer has some of the advantages of the Left Right combo, the last 
punch brings some cons which compromise the effectiveness of this combo.
First of all (as I wrote before) the last punch hits high, which means 
that you can duck the whole combo; the third hit isn't guaranteed, even 
on CH, and if you add the fact that it suffers some recovery time, you 
can easily understand how risky can be to use the Demon Slayer.
In the end if you consider that the damage is SLIGHTLY greater then the 
Flash Punches one, I suggest to use the Demon Slayer only as an ender 
for some juggles (and for style points).



Shoot the Works:
Cmnd     dmg       rg      Fhit     Badv        Hadv       CHadv
1,2,3   6,10,25   h,h,m     10    +3,-5,+10   +9,+10,kd  +9,+10,kd

Another variation on the One-two Punches theme, this time ending with a 
Left Axe Kick which hits mid.
This axe kick is slightly different from the one you can perform 
normally(f,f+3) because it causes, if blocked, a guard stun, giving you 
a good advantage for the following move(+10 frames).
The only thing you must pay attention to is the fact that this kick 
pushes your opponent bw, so, if you follow-up with a quick but short 
move, you will miss.
Thanks to the guard stun property, this move can be used to set an 
offensive game, just mixing the follow up games; for example if you 
perform after the stun a Demon's Paw (f,f+2), your opponent will be able 
to interrupt your attack only with a low jab; obviously ha can dash 
bw(so be CAREFULL) or sidestep, but anyway he will be forced to a 
defensive game; you can find some other useful follow-up moves, and in 
any cases you will start a fun guessing game, in which you opponent will 
be forced to think fast and react faster.
Finally, if the Left Axe connects, you can perform some short juggles.
As I told before, no one of Jin's moves can be performed too often, and 
Shoot The Works makes no exception; in this case the cons are 
represented the time which intercours between the two punches and the 
kick: a skilled opponent will be able to duck the two punches and 
counter you before the Left Axe Kick or worse, with some character 
(Julia for example) your opponent will be able to block the punches and 
attack you before the last kick (with Julia's 1,1,1 but in this case the 
punches will not be a CH);furthermore, if you miss with the last kick, 
your opponent can punish you during the long recovery time.
Another cons is that the last kick has no tracking ability, so if your 
opponent sidesteps the two punches, the kick will miss too.
A last advice is to never use this combo after a sidestep, 'cause the 
kick will miss almost every time.
Properties: Guard stun, Knock down, Juggle.



Shoot the Works High:
Cmnd      dmg       rg      Fhit     Badv       Hadv     CHadv
1,2,     6,10,     h,h,      10     +3,-5,     +9,+10,   +9,+10
3,4      25,30     m,m              +10,0      kd,+11    kd,+11

This variation is pretty useless, 'cause even against a not so skilled 
opponent, the last kick is too slow and short to be a danger of any 
sort.



Shoot the Works Mid:
Cmnd      dmg       rg      Fhit     Badv       Hadv     CHadv
1,2,     6,10,     h,h,      10     +3,-5,     +9,+10,   +9,+10
3,f+4    25,10     m,m              +10,-5      kd,+6    kd,+6

This combo can be useful, thanks to the last kick that has good range, 
speed and priority.
Thanks to the guard stun is impossible to anticipate or counter the last 
kick, even if it is still possible to block it or avoid it with a 
backdash.
You should use this combo as a mix-up with the other attacks described 
in the "Shoot The Works" paragraph.
If the third kick connects, the last one is guaranteed.
Properties: Knocks down.



One-Two, Knee:
Cmnd     dmg       rg      Fhit     Badv       Hadv       CHadv
1,2,4   6,10,12   h,h,m     10    +3,-5,-7    +9,+10,+4  +9,+10,+4

In terms of speed and risk, this is the most useful of the One-Two 
variations. The final knee kick is one of Jin's quickest attacks, it has 
really good priority, and most of all it has a really short recovery 
time. At the right distance, if the two punches hit, the knee is 
guaranteed. 
You can use this combo as a good variation against those opponents who 
like to duck under the Left Right Punches (and its variations) since 
even if the knee can be interrupted with a ws attack, your opponent 
needs really perfect timing or he will be hit.
This string has the same good properties of the One-Two punches (see the 
One-Two punches section) but if you connect with it the advantage you 
will gain won't be as effective as the one you get when you connect with 
the One-Two punches (+4 istead of +10), so it's effectiveness as a set-
up is a bit reduced.
In the end I have to say that this combo doesn't have some particular 
cons, but after all it doesn't have so many advantages; it is a low risk 
combo, still useful to give some variation to your game.
A side note: you may cancel the 1,2,4 into a White Heron; in order to do 
this you must input 1,2,4~1+4,2,4_d+4;Jin will do the One Two punches 
and then the White Heron.  
Properties: none.


Flash Punches combo:
Cmnd     dmg       rg      Fhit     Badv       Hadv     CHadv
1,1,2   6,8,18    h,h,m     10    +3,+1,-17   +9,+9,kd  +9,+10,kd

This is, to my opinion, Jin's most effective punch combo.
The Flash Punches Combo has just too many pros to ignore it: first of 
all the last punch of the combo can be delayed, so you can end the combo 
only when you are sure that it will hit; unfortunately Namco made some 
changes to this string so it happens too many times that the second 
punch whiffs, and consequently the last one is no more guaranteed.
For this reason you must learn how to delay the last punch and perform 
it only when you are completely sure that it will hit; if you add that 
whenever your opponent blocks the third punch you have a very long 
recovery time (which in almost every case means juggle), you can well 
understand how important is to learn when you will connect with the 
whole combo and when you must stop at the first two punches. 
Also this combo starts from Jin's quickest attack, the left jab(1), so 
you can use the first two punches for poking, interrupting and set up 
strategies (see the set-up section).
This move is the best punishment for short recovery times, and the fact 
that it starts with no direction commands means that you can use the 
Flash Punches after a successful deep ss (when the camera angle usually 
makes impossible to understand on which side you are).
If you connect with the second punch of this string in CH the advantage 
that you gain allows you to connect with another left jab; this means 
that 1,1 CH(the one must whiff and only the second one must be a ch), 
1,1,2,(or any other jab string) is a true combo.
This happens in general when your opponent ducks the first jab and tries 
to interrupt the string getting the second punch in his face.
Another good property of the first two punches is that, even if blocked, 
they will give you a very slight advantage (1 frame) for the next move; 
however you must be careful, because some character have 8-frames jabs, 
so this advantage would not be enough to anticipate them (Julia with her 
1,1,1 combo for example can kill you in no time if you don’t pay 
attention to this things).
If the third punch hits, it will knock down your opponent, leaving room 
for okizeme (se okizeme section).
The only thing to which you must pay attention is that the first two 
punches can be ducked.
Properties: Knocks down.



White Heron:
Cmnd     dmg       rg       Fhit     Badv       Hadv     CHadv
1+4,2   5,10,10  smid,h,h    12      x,6,0     x,3,11    x,3,11

One of the few moves inherited from his mother, this quick combo with 
all his variations, owes all its effectiveness to the first two hits (in 
particular the first one is very quick and has very good priority); the 
damage is very low indeed, so the White Heron is useful mostly to hold 
under pressure your opponent, varying the follow-up moves after the 
first two or three hits of 
this combo (d+1 will be a very good option). 
Unfortunately if your opponent blocks low the first hit, the other two 
will hit high so will be easily ducked. 
If the usefulness of this move is not so great as a normal attack the 
White Heron shows its real usefulness during juggles: thanks to the 
first hit, which connects really low (even if it is a s.mid) this combo 
is the best to juggle after some particular juggle starter such as the 
Hell Sweep or the Can Can Kicks (see the Juggle section). 
Thanks to the above mentioned properties this combo is useful even 
during okizeme (see the okizeme section). Finally, you can chain the 
White Heron with the Left Right Punches (1,2,1+4...) but it requires 
perfect timing.
Properties: none.


White Heron, Mid Kick:
Cmnd     dmg       rg       Fhit     Badv       Hadv     CHadv
1+4,2   5,10,10  smid,h,h    12      x,6,0     x,3,11    x,3,11
 4        21       m                  -12        kd       kd

This combo has all the pros and cons of the White Heron; the last kick, 
in fact, even if blocked, will not guarantee to your opponent any free 
hit. 
Remember however that your opponent can interrupt the combo before the 
last kick (if he ducks the second and third punch).
Properties: knocks down.



White Heron, Sweep:
Cmnd     dmg       rg       Fhit     Badv       Hadv     CHadv
1+4,2   5,10,10  smid,h,h    12      x,6,0     x,3,11    x,3,11
 d+4      15        L        12       -26        kd       kd

This variations has more cons then pros: the last Sweep is a bit slow, 
so even if the game is faster than T3 a skilled opponent will see it 
coming a mile away; but the real drawback is represented by the long 
recovery time (and the stagger) after the Sweep, which will guarantee to 
your opponent (in most cases) a juggle (after having blocked). If the 
sweep connects you can perform some juggles, but the risk is, to my 
opinion, too high. 
As for the White Heron, this combo can be useful during juggles or 
okizeme.
Properties: Knocks down, Juggles, Ground Hit.



Left Roundhouse:
Cmnd     dmg       rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
 f+3     35        h         21       -4       kd       kd

This kick has some good evasive properties, because during the 
execution, Jin sidesteps slightly on the left; a sidestep (on the left), 
immediately before the execution, will increase the evasive manoeuvre a 
lot. 
This kick covers a 180° frontal arc so it is very hard to sidestep. 
Unfortunately the kick hits high, and since it is not so fast, it will 
be easily ducked.
In the end I think that even if this move increases your sidestep 
chances, there are other attacks which are far more useful.
Properties: knocks down.



Right Roundhouse:
Cmnd     dmg       rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
 4       30        h         25      -10       kd       kd

Very similar to the Left Roundhouse, this kick lacks the sidestepping 
properties of the other one. It still hits high and it suffers a bigger 
recovery time, so I think that you should never use this kick unless you 
are sure that your opponent will sidestep and don't block or duck (which 
will be very rare).
Properties: Knocks down.



Knee Kick:
Cmnd     dmg      rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
 f+4     12       m         11       -7       +4       +4

This knee is Jin's fastest mid move, and for this reason one of his best 
interrupters (slower than the d+1 but it has more range and hits mid).
The drawback here is represented by the long recovery time if your 
opponent blocks the Knee (-7) which means that you shouldn't use it too 
much if you don't want to make your opponent to dictate the game.The 
damage is low (12), and the advantage you get when this move connects 
isn't so big (+4) so be careful if you are planning to use it as a set-
up move (see the Strategy section).
Remember also that if your opponent ss on the left the Knee will hit him 
(when in range) almost always, so you can use it to limit a bit the 
sidestepping game (which is in TTT far better than in T3).
Properties: none.



Overhead Blow:
Cmnd     dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
 f+2     18      m         17       +2       +8       +8

This move may not be Jin's most useful punch, but it still has some good 
properties. 
First of all it hits mid, which means that you can punish ducking 
opponents; in the second place this is one of the few moves that, even 
if blocked, will give you a slight advantage for the next move (+2). 
If the Overhead hits this advantage becomes more consistent (+8).
Furthermore in both cases (both blocked or not) your opponent will end 
ducking due to the knee guard stun in the first case and to the kneel 
stun in the second one. 
Another good property of this move is that it covers a wide arc from 
high to low. 
Let's go now to the drawbacks: first of all the move is slow (17 frames) 
so you won't be able to connect with it too often during a match.
In the second place this move can be easily ss on the right.
But it's biggest drawback to my opinion is that the command you need to 
input when you want to perform this move (f+2) makes the Overhead Blow 
almost impossible to be performed during a match; it may sound weird, 
but in most cases, when you want to perform this move you will end doing 
a Stun Punch; this happens since when you block (or simply press b on 
the stick) and then do the f+2, the system will buffer the first b as 
the first part of the Stun Punch motion (b,f+2).
This means that you can't perform the Overhead Blow whenever you want, 
but only in some conditions, and this is a big drawback to my opinion.
The best scenario when you can perform this move is when your opponent 
is getting up from the ground and he is forced to block; in this case 
you can prepare yourself to perform the Overhead to gain some advantage 
(remember however that there are better options when your opponent is 
getting up, so use this move wisely to give your game a bit of variety).
Properties: Kneel Stun, Knee block stun.



Overhead Blow to Knee Kick:
Cmnd     dmg       rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
f+2,4    18,10     m,m       17      +2,-6    +8,+5    +8,+5

This is a new string, a TTT exclusive.
The first punch is the normal Overhead Punch, and you can perform after 
it a Knee Kick.
The knee is delayable and always guaranteed if the punch connects, so it 
can be a good choice to perform it in this case if you are going for 
damage and not for set-up strategies (the frame advantage after the 
punch alone is better than the one you have after the knee, +8 against 
+5).
If your opponent blocks the punch I suggest you not to perform the knee 
in order to keep the advantage gained (see the Strategy section).
Remember however that the first punch has all the drawbacks of the 
Overhead Blow.....
Properties: none.



Soccer Kick:
Cmnd     dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
 b+4     21      M         16       -4       -2       kd

This is the most useful addiction to Jin's arsenal; this kick has really 
many good properties and only some little drawbacks.
It has good range, good recovery, it deals good damage and whenever it 
connects on Ch it will stun (which is completely inescapable) your 
opponent for massive follow-up damage(you can deal 60+ points of damage 
with the juggles after it).
When your opponent blocks the Kick he will be pushed back so that even 
if you are at a disadvantage (-4) he will be out of jab range; sometimes 
I use this kick as a sort of set-up to provoke my opponent's attack.
This properties would be enough to make this move good, but this is just 
the top of the iceberg.
The greatest property of this move is the fact that it hits even a 
grounded opponent, which means that you have in your arsenal a move 
which deals good damage (big damage if your opponent tries to attack and 
you hit him on ch) and it's safe if blocked.
The kick will hit a grounded opponent almost from every position (there 
is a case, when your opponent is with his feet tw you, that you could 
miss, but if you learn how to position properly you won't have much 
trouble in connecting in the 99% of the cases) so you will be able to 
force your opponent to rise after almost every move that knocks down.
Thanks to this kick Jin's throwing game (which was good) will become a 
nightmare for your opponent, since you will have the chance to connect 
with the Soccer Kick after almost every throw(see Throws section and 
Okizeme section).
Furthermore in some cases if your opponent tries to roll bw while on the 
ground this kick will juggle him so that you can connect with a White 
Heron.
A Playing Dead Lei was a problem for you?
The Soccer Kick will solve your problem.
Ling's Phoenix stance was your worst nightmare?
A couple of well timed Soccer Kick will make her think twice before 
using it again (even if the Phoenix stance is still really dangerous).
This is that kind of moves that lower the difference between good 
players and top ones; easy to perform, safe if blocked, short recovery 
even if whiffed...if you are going to play against lots of Jin players 
(from scrubs to top ones) you will end to hate this move even if you are 
playing with Jin yourself.
The only minimal drawbacks of this move are that it is not so fast (a 16 
frames move) and it is easy to ss, so be careful.
Properties: Stuns on Ch, Juggles, Ground Hit.



Flip Kick:
Cmnd     dmg     rg     Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
 4~3      25     m       37       x        kd       kd

This kick was a useful tool in T3 since it was one of the move you could 
use to force your opponent to rise quickly from the ground, but now that 
Jin has in his arsenal the new Soccer Kick (b+4) that makes this job 
even better, the Flip Kick becomes a bit useless.
Obviously you can still use this move since it deals a bit more damage, 
but in the end the Soccer Kick is safer and far more useful than this 
move.
You should use this move only when you are sure that your opponent will 
lay on the ground waiting for your attack.
Furthermore, now that your opponent can tech-roll when falling face 
down, this move is no more guaranteed during some juggles like it was in 
T3 (check the Juggles section to learn how to make impossible for your 
opponent to tech-roll from the face down position).
Properties: Knocks Down, Ground Hit.


Demon's Paw:
Cmnd     dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
f,f+2    27      m         15      -11       kd       kd

This is one of Jin's most useful moves.
Even if not as damaging as Paul's Deathfist, the Demon's Paw is Jin's 
best mid-long range mid move.
You can dash buffer it to gain more range and even Crouch Dash buffer it 
to make your guessing game more effective (and gain range as well).
Even if this punch is not so fast it has a really good priority, it 
knocks down and its almost safe if blocked; I say "almost" because -11 
frames means that your opponent can hit you at least with a jab, but in 
most cases the Demon's Paw will push you out of jab distance 
(Yoshimitsu's f,f+4 with its 7 frames is the only move that can hit you 
that comes to my mind), but in some cases (very rarely) if your opponent 
blocks this move after a ss he could be in the position to hit you.
As I wrote the Demon's Paw knocks your opponent down, so it leaves you 
in a good condition for some okizeme strategies; when it connects on Ch 
it knocks your opponent far away, so you have the chance to run after 
him and attack.
The main drawback of this move is that it can be SS really easily, even 
more easily than in T3(remember that sidestepping a move in TTT is far 
easier than in T3); you can ss it on the right and with an interrupted 
ss even on the left, so whenever you perform this move you should be 
careful or you will be punished heavily.There is a way to make this move 
track a bit more: you should input the second f a bit slowly 
(practically you have to dash buffer it, see the "Movements and 
Unconventional moves" section); in this way the move will be slower but 
the second f will make Jin face his opponent.
This way to perform the Demon's Paw is good at long range, when you have 
less chances of being interrupted.
Another way to perform it is to Crouch Dash buffer it(f,N,d,df,n,f+2); 
in this way you can feint a Cd and perform the Demon's Paw in order to 
fool your opponent.
This way to perform the Demon's Paw, even if slower than the normal way, 
can be really effective when coupled with other crouch dash attacks 
(like the Hell Sweep, the Ewgf or a Crouch Dash buffered Throw), and if 
performed when your opponent is forced to block(and can't ss it easily); 
I will write more about the use of this move in the "Movements and 
Unconventional moves" section, and in the "Strategy" section.
Thanks to his range and damage the Demon's Paw is even a really good 
move to end Juggles (see the "Juggles" section).
As I wrote, one of Jin's best moves.
Properties: Knocks Down.



Left Axe Kick:
Cmnd     dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
f,f+3     23     m         20      -11       kd       kd

The animation of this kick is the same of the one of the Shoot The Works 
combo, but, unfortunately, if you take it alone is not as good. 
First of all this version lacks the guard stun property, so its 
strategical use is very limited; furthermore this kick is a bit slow, so 
it can be easily interrupted in the first part of its animation, which 
makes almost impossible for you to hit a skilled opponent with it. 
Its range is a bit short, and if you use the dash buffer motion (see 
"Movements and Unconventional Moves" section), to gain range, the kick 
will be slower and easier to interrupt. 
When the Left Axe Kick hits, you will be able to perform some juggles. 
A not so good attack, I must say.
Properties: Juggles.



Right Axe Kick:
Cmnd       dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
df+4,4    10,16    m,m       13     -9,-15    +2,-4    +2,-4

This is the best kick that Jin has in his arsenal, and one of his most 
useful attacks, thanks to his good properties. 
The Right Axe is one of Jin' quickest kicks, (second only to the Knee 
Kick), and undoubtedly the one with best priority; thanks to this two 
factors this kick is very useful in mid-close range to anticipate or 
interrupt an incoming move. 
Another good property of this move is the fact that it covers the whole 
frontal area (his detection area starts really low near the ground so 
that you can hit even a side rolling ground opponent), which allows you 
to interrupt almost everything, and makes this move useful both during 
juggles or okizeme strategies.
The kick is composed by two hits: the first one, which has the 
properties above written can be used alone and is (as you can well 
understand) really useful as an interrupter-Set Up even if it deals poor 
damage (10).
The second part of this Kick is not as useful, since it has really bad 
recovery time, both if it is blocked or not.
Infact whenever your opponent blocks it you will have -15 frames of 
recovery, which means that almost every char in the game can inflict you 
some damage (and some chars even massive damage); luckily the kick will 
push your opponent out of jab range, so your opponent must know which 
attack he has to perform if he wants to hit you (and a GOOD opponent 
wont leave you unpunished).
Even when the kick connects you will have a disadvantage (-4) so in the 
end you should perform this kick only when you decide that you need 
those 26 points of damage and nothing more.
If the first part connects the second one is guaranteed and since in TTT 
the second part of this move is delayable, you can perform it only when 
you are completely sure that it will connect (to tell the truth 
sometimes it happened that the second part of the kick missed 
mysteriously, but this is due to the fact that sometimes the big 
movement that can be done in TTT brings to weird positions and the angle 
between the two chars makes some moves miss even when they are 
guaranteed...say thanks to Namco for this).
You could even try to delay the second part of the kick even if your 
opponent blocked the first one in order to fool him and hit him while he 
attacks back, but I don't suggest you to do this since your opponent can 
back-dash or SS after the first hit and make you whiff with the second 
(and kill you in his spare time).
Another reason why you should learn how to use this kick wisely is 
because it can be sidestepped easily on both directions(easily on the 
right), so be careful.
In the end a fast and average damaging mid move.
Properties: the first part of the Right Axe Kick is a ground hit against 
Big guys.


Rising Axe Kick:
Cmnd            dmg      rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv 
ws+4,4          13,21    m,m       11     -3,-15   +8,-4     +8,-4
f,n,d,df+4,4

Even if it has the same animation of the Right Axe Kick, this version 
has some different properties that you should know.
First of all this kick deals more damage, 34 points in total which is 
good for such a fast kick.
The first part of the Rising Axe has a better recovery time than the 
Right Axe one, so it is even more useful for Set-Up strategies; whenever 
it connects you have a +8 frame advantage, which means that you can 
perform a 15 frame move without the risk of being interrupted.
This means that you will force your opponent to block (unless he is mad) 
and this is exactly what you need to start your favourite guessing 
games(see the "Strategy" section).
Unfortunately the second part of this kick has the same bad recovery of 
the Right Axe one, and if you add that in this version you CAN'T DELAY 
it, you can well understand how it is necessary to use it wisely.
The Crouch Dash version of this kick is good for mixups, and even if Jin 
has more dangerous attacks from his Crouch Dash this kick is the fastest 
mid move that you can perform out of it.
Be careful however since like all the Crouch Dash moves, even this one 
can be easily sidestepped.
Properties: the first part of the Rising Axe Kick is a ground hit 
against Big guys.



Twin Lancers:
Cmnd       dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
df+1,2    10,16    m,m       13      -2,-5    +9,+6    +9,+6

The Twin Lancers can be considered the punch version of the Right Axe 
Kick; same speed, same priority, the best use of this move is again as 
an interrupter and Set-Up move.
Like the Right Axe Kick you can choose to perform only the first of the 
two hits, and in some cases this can be a good option.
The first punch has a really good recovery time: -2 if blocked, which 
means that your opponent wont take a big advantage from blocking it, and 
an impressive +9 whenever it connects, which means that you can force 
your opponent to block the following attack starting again your 
favourite guessing game; you can well understand how useful this punch 
can be as a Set-up move.
The second punch has a longer recovery time, so whenever your opponent 
blocks it you will give him more chances to start his guessing game.
As may know(or you will learn this one with experience) the fact that 
you give your opponent some advantage is not always a bad thing, since 
in some way you are forcing him to react; it may sound weird, but I 
myself use this kind of tactic loads of times.
Giving your opponent an advantage (obviously not a big advantage, in 
this case 5 frames) will make him attack in most cases; knowing that 
your opponent will attack can put you in a position of advantage, and 
can give you the opportunity to make him whiff and punish him badly; so 
don't underestimate those moves which give you some disadvantage, cause 
you can use them for Set-Up strategies in any case.
Going back to the second punch the Twin Lancer, whenever it connects it 
knee stuns your opponent, giving you a good +6 frames of advantage and 
forcing your opponent in a full crouch position (again a very good 
guessing game position).
Unfortunately the second punch is guaranteed only if the first one hits 
on Ch, so you won't connect with it too often.
Again you must choose carefully when you want to perform the whole 
string or just the first punch.
Remember that thanks to the better ss in TTT, this move can be 
sidestepped more easily than in T3, so, again, be careful.
Properties: Knee Stun on CH.


Twin Pistons:
Cmnd       dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
ws+1,2     10,15   m,m       13      -6,-7    +5,kd    +5,kd

Another Mishima trademark move, but this time Jin's version can't 
compare with both Heiachi's and Kazuya's ones (I don't even want to 
mention Devil's Twin Pistons).
The big, big drawback of this move is that in order to connect with the 
second punch (and juggle) you must connect with the first one on Ch.
Furthermore the Twin Pistons is a WS move, and Jin has another WS move 
which is far better than this one, the Rising Upper(WS+2).
However the Twin Pistons is not a bad move, it is fast enough, it has 
really good priority, it has good range and, most important tracks much 
better than the other WS moves (and better than standing moves too).
So don't try to use it as a standard Juggle starter, use it more like an 
interrupter and as a weapon to put some pressure on your opponent.
In general I use the Twin Pistons mainly for it's tracking ability, in 
particular against characters like Ling.
Whenever your opponent blocks it he will have 7 frames of advantage, so 
remember to stop and react to your opponent's attack.
Like all the Ws moves you can perform the Twin Pistons with the instant 
WS motion or out from a Crouch Dash (I will cover more about this in the 
Movements and Unconventional Moves section).  
The Twin Pistons can be tagged (WS+1,2~5) in order to perform a tag 
juggle.
Be careful to those chars that have a punch parry (like Bryan and 
Genre).
A side note: Lei can juggle you whenever he blocks a Twin Pistons simply 
entering the BK stance(b+3+4) after having blocked the first punch and 
launching with the BK upper(BK,2).
Properties: Juggles on Ch, class 4 tag launcher(never juggles the Big 
guys).


Rising Upper:
Cmnd       dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
WS+2       21      m         14      -12       kd       kd

This is one of the best WS moves of the game (Kazuya's Twin Pistons is 
better) and one of Jin's most useful moves.
This is the only mid move that Jin has that Juggles his opponent on 
every hit, so you can well imagine how useful it can be.
It has good speed and range, some priority and whenever it connects you 
can perform those nasty juggles that made Jin so (in)famous.
This move is the big, good reason why you should learn how to perform 
the Instant WS motion and the CD cancel, this is the move that will give 
your guessing game strength and variety, this is the move that will make 
your opponent think twice before performing a high move or a throw.
With the introduction of the block stagger after the Low hits (like 
Lei's Sweep or Heiachi's HellSweep) this move has become even stronger 
and now punishes some moves that could not punish in T3.
With the instant WS movement and the Crouch Dash cancel you can use this 
move effectively even as an attacking move; you should spend some hours 
of training on these complex movements, since even if you can become a 
strong Jin player without it, those techniques will make your game more 
spectacular and dangerous.
The Crouch Dash cancelled version in particular can be really useful 
since you can mix it with a Crouch Dash cancelled throw or an HellSweep 
and make your opponent life really harder.
Like in T3 you can use the Rising Upper after a successful SS to punish 
your opponent; I prefer to use this move instead of the Tooth Fairy 
since it is safer if blocked and since you can deal more damage after 
it.
Usually in these cases I use the Ewgf (Electric Wind Goofiest) but in 
TTT it happens too many times that the sidestep changes the camera angle 
so that it is impossible to understand on which side you are; for this 
reason performing a Ewgf could be impossible, and a normal WS+2 with its 
simple motion would be the best choice. 
The Rising Upper suffers a long recovery time when it is blocked (-12) 
but it will push your opponent out of jab range so your opponent will be 
able to hit you only with fast mid range moves (the standing 4 of some 
chars do the job, or even the df+4).
Strangely if you whiff with this move the recovery time will be shorter 
(don't ask me why) and it will be difficult for your opponent to punish 
you.
Again, even this move can be sidestepped easily (and the Crouch Dash 
cancelled version even more easily and on the left like all the CD 
moves).
Namco has apported a minimal change to this move, but this small change 
can affect your usual T3 juggles; in TTT the Rising Upper juggles not as 
high as in T3, so connecting with a Tgf (Thunder Goofiest) is more 
difficult now.
The Rising Upper can be tagged (WS+2~5) in order to perform a tag 
juggle. 
More about the Rising Upper in the "Movements and Unconventional Moves" 
section.
Properties: Juggles, Class 2 Tag Launcher(class 4 tag launcher against 
Big guys). 


Tooth Fairy:
Cmnd       dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
ss+2       16      m         18      -17       kd       kd

As I told in the Rising Upper paragraph, Jin has another really useful 
juggle starter after a sidestep, the Tooth Fairy. 
Even if I prefer to perform after each successful sidestep the Rising 
Upper, I must say that the Tooth Fairy is still very useful, mainly for 
two reasons: first of all this move is very easy to execute 'cause it 
can be performed at every time during the sidestep with 
the pression of only one button; in the second place it has GREAT range, 
greater than the Rising Upper, so you can choose to perform it when your 
opponents goes too far after your sidestep; furthermore, the Tooth Fairy 
has some evasive properties 'cause during its animation, Jin slides 
forward ducking high attacks. 
The height at which you will juggle your opponent will vary whether you 
connect on Ch or not.
In the first case you will juggle your opponent very high(like all the 
class 2 launchers), in the second case your opponent won't be juggled as 
high so you may have to change a bit the timing for your juggles.
This difference will affect even the Tag version of the Tooth Fairy 
(ss+2~5), so remember it when you are going to perform a tag juggle.
As I wrote before, this move has only one, big drawback: its long 
recovery time. 
If your opponent blocks this move you will be in big troubles since the 
-17 frames of recovery means, almost surely, juggle.
Learn when to perform this move and when not or you will be dead in no 
time.
Properties: Juggles, Tag launcher (class 2 on Ch, class 3 not on Ch; 
against Big guys is class 2 tag launcher only if the Tooth fairy 
connects on Ch in a srtight line, not from a side).



Can Can Kick:
Cmnd      dmg     rg       Fhit     Badv     Hadv     CHadv
d+3+4     5,20    smid      14     -31,-10    kd       kd

This move was Jin's fastest Juggle starter in T3 (14 frames, maybe you 
can consider the Ewgf as fast as this kick, even if it's very difficult 
to perform it in 14 frames) but due to his long recovery time and to the 
fact that it hits smid(your opponent could block both high or low and 
kill you in the recovery time) it could be used only to punish some 
particular recovery times.
In TTT things have changed a bit, 'cause the recovery time of this move 
are different if your opponent blocks low or high.
In the first case the recovery is really long(-31) and your opponent 
will kill you with his most damaging juggle, but if he blocks high you 
will have only 10 frames of recovery and the kick will push him out of 
jab range becoming almost safe.
Furthermore it is easier to connect with a standing jab whenever you 
juggle your opponent, so now you can perform some more damaging juggles.
Unfortunately Namco reduced a bit the range of this move (which wasn't 
nothing special even in T3) so now in TTT you can't punish some recovery 
times that you could punish in T3; Julia's recovery after her 1,1,1 was 
one of those recovery that you can't punish anymore.
You should learn which are the recovery times that you can punish only 
with the Can Can Kick and use this move only in those particular 
scenarios. 
I will make an example: against Devil, if you ss on the right the Twin 
Pistons the first punch will hit you but the secon will whiff, giving 
you the opportunity to punish him in the recovery time; this recovery is 
quite short in any case (I think it is 14 frames or 15) so it would be 
very difficult to punish Devil with an Ewgf (due to the fact that you 
don't exactly know when you are active and in some cases even for the 
camera angle), so the Can Can kicks are the best option.
From a side you can even get a flip over juggle, so don't underestimate 
this move.
Properties: Juggles.


Stun Punch Combo:
Cmnd          dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
b,f+2,1,2   18,14,24    m,m,m     15     -7,-3,-5   -5,-1,kd    kd
 or d+2      or 15        m                 -10       kd        
This was one of the most important attack in T3 since it was very 
difficult to sidestep and thanks to the stun of the first punch (on Ch) 
it was the most damaging juggle starter in Jin's arsenal (the b,f+2 on 
Ch, Ewgf, Tgf was a legendary combo in T3, maybe one of the most 
difficult, and surely one of the most damaging).
In TTT all this usefulness has gone, since now the stun after the first 
punch on Ch is ESCAPABLE (by pressing f).
And not even difficult to escape, not as difficult as other Double Over 
stuns escapes like Bryan's qcf+3 on Ch(which can be escaped with some 
practice).    
The better sidestep of each char has done the rest, making even this 
string more easy to sidestep.
Ok, now that I've expressed all my disappointing about these changes 
that Namco made to this move I will start to analize it more accurately.
The string is composed by three punches so I will analize them 
separately.
The first punch is an average mid attack, not too fast and with short 
range; you can buffer the first b of the motion during the blocking 
process in order to make the move come out faster.
You can delay a bit the pression of the button after the b,f movement in 
order to gain some range; this will make the move slower, so be careful.
You can even buffer the first b, then ss and perform the f+2 since the 
system will still count it as a normal b,f+2, but since the move is not 
so fast you will not use it in this was too often. 
Once the move has started it has a good priority.
When this punch is blocked you will have a heavy disadvantage (-7), so 
you can't use it for set-up strategies; be sure that you never whiff 
with this punch or your opponent will kill you during the recovery.
Even when it connects not on Ch you will have some frames of 
disadvantage (-5) and the damage itself is nothing special.
This told you can understand how important is to learn how to connect 
with this punch on Ch; you have to plan your set-ups and read your 
opponent game, have good spacing skills and time this move perfectly. 
In T3 this kind of efforts were well paid by the inescapable double over 
stun, which could bring to a 100+ damage juggle; now in TTT you have to 
pray that your opponent misses the escape in order to deal him extra 
damage.
Obviously even if your opponent escapes the stun you can start your 
guessing game, but to my opinion this is a very little result for such a 
hard work. 
Let's go on with the second punch of the string.
This punch has which is delayable, has a better recovery time, both if 
blocked (-3) or when it connects not on Ch (-1) so you can perform it 
more safely and without the risk of giving to your opponent a big 
advantage.
If the first punch connects the second is guaranteed(not if you delay it 
too much), but I have to make a distinction whenever the first is a Ch 
or not.
In the Ch case, the second punch will stun the opponent too(unless you 
delay it too much), but in this case the escape of the stun will be even 
easier.
However since both the stuns can be escaped (easily by a good opponent)I 
suggest you to go on with the second punch and use it as a set-up since 
your opponent will block almost surely after the escape(unless he is mad 
or a mind reader).
If you delay the second punch too much it won't stun your opponent 
anymore, and this sometimes can fool him; sometimes infact you can delay 
the second punch so much that thinking that he has to escape the stun 
your opponent may push f on the controller eating in this way the third 
punch of the string; this trick won't work too many times, maybe never 
against a really good opponent, so just put it in your bag of tricks and 
use it wisely.
When the first punch connects not on Ch the second one is guaranteed 
(again you must not delay it too much) rising the total damage to a good 
32 points.
While the first punch can be sidestepped more easily, the two punches 
together are more difficult to ss, so this move is well suited against 
ss opponents; don't be overconfident however, since if you whiff with 
the first punch, the second one can be sidestepped easily on the left, 
or worse, interrupted.
When the second punch connects on Ch (and the first one has whiffed) the 
third punch is guaranteed.
Let's end the analysis of this Stun Punch Combo with the last punch. 
Well I have to say that I don't use this punch (both the 2 or d+2 
versions) too often, for two reasons: first of  all, when the Stun Punch 
connects on CH, as I told before, you should stop at the first or second 
hit; even if you play against an opponent who can't escape the punch 
stun you should stop and use a WGF(EWGF) instead of the d+2 ender to 
juggle him. 
Furthermore, if your opponent blocks the first two punches, the last one 
can easily be sidestepped (on the right, but there is a little 
exception: if the first punch whiffs and your opponent blocks only the 
second one, the third punch becomes almost unsidesteppable) leaving you 
opened for a massive counter attack; however the fact that your opponent 
have to choose if he wants to ss or not after having blocked the second 
punch can be used at your advantage.
In the case that he chooses to ss (and it will happen in most cases) he 
will lose the advantage gained after having blocked the second punch of 
the string; I will treat more about this set-up game in the Strategy-Set 
Up section.   
In general I use the last punch only when the first two punches connect 
not on CH (or in the above mentioned exception), 'cause, in this case, 
the last punch (2)can't be sidestepped and will push your opponent too 
far for him to fight back immediately; obviously I'm referring to the 2 
ender, 'cause the d+2 version suffers some recovery time and leaves you 
near to your opponent. 
Furthermore the Stun Punch is invaluable when it comes to juggle your 
opponent, 'cause it is easy to perform, connects after 
almost every (even Tag) juggle starter (and in some other particular 
cases, will even juggle on its own, for example if you hit Lei while he 
is entering his PLD stance) and, most of all, deals great damage.
In the end a useful string, but not as useful as it was in T3.
Properties: Stuns on Ch, Juggles (only the d+2 ender).
 

Mid Upper:
Cmnd      dmg      rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
df+2      15       m         15       -2        +9       kd

Another move toned down from T3.
In T3 this move had the stagger property whenever it connected not on 
Ch, which could be followed by a delayed Wgf (or a dashed Ewgf) and a 
juggle (the Wgf could be avoided by your opponent by pressing d on the 
controller at the right time, but even in this case you could deal some 
damage).
In TTT the stagger property has gone, so this Mid Upper becomes really 
useful only if you learn how to connect with it on Ch since in this case 
it will juggle your opponent for some good damage.
This move, at the right distance, goes well under high jabs, so it is 
well suited to interrupt poking jabs and jab strings(for example if a 
Mishima performs a 1,1, you block it and he goes again with another 1,1 
or 1,2 you can interrupt the second jab string with the Mid Upper).
If blocked you won't give your opponent a big advantage, so you can 
perform it safely (unless you whiff).
When it connects not on Ch you have a really good advantage (+9) so you 
can start a guessing game.
In T3 I used this move couldn't be sidestepped on the left, so I used to 
mix it up with the Ewgf to deal against good sidestepping opponents.  
But now that every char has a better ss(and it seems to me that the 
detection area of this move has been shortened a bit) it happens more 
and more often that this punch can be sidestepped even on this 
direction, so it is not as useful as before (plus without the stagger 
the damage is nothing special in any case).
A good interrupter, nothing more, nothing less.
Property: Juggles only on Ch.



Crouch Dash:
Cmnd      dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,N,d,df   x         x         x        x         x        x

This is one of Jin's (and Mishimas in general) basic motions which you 
MUST be familiar with. 
The Crouch Dash allows Jin to crouch and dash fw ducking high attacks; 
during or after it Jin can perform basically four attacks, but some 
other moves can be executed even if they were not designed to be 
performed in this way. 
I will cover each of the basic attacks in the following paragraphs, and 
all the other moves in the Movements and Unconventional moves section. 
The Crouch Dash can even be cancelled at any time, just pushing -b- or -
db- during the animation; in this way you can feint an attack in order 
to fool your opponent and make him make a mistake.
It can be even cancelled by pressing -f-, which will make you make a 
short step fw allowing you to perform other moves or movements (again 
this moves will be covered in the Movements and Unconventional moves 
section).
The Crouch Dash will become in most cases the basis of your spacing 
techniques and the core of you movement, so be sure to spend some hours 
of training on this movement.
While Crouch Dashing you are exposed to mid(with some exceptions) and 
low attacks, and some attacks which start from the Crouch Dash can even 
be interrupted by High attacks, so be careful; furthermore almost every 
attack which involve the CD can be sidestepped easily on the left.
Remember even that at the end of the Crouch Dash you will recover 
crouching, so you can perform WS attacks after it (f,N,d,df,N,button).
Properties: none.


Wind God Fist:
Cmnd           dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,N,d,df+2      25        h*        12       -7        kd       kd

THE Mishima trademark move, again, like the Twin Pistons, Jin version is 
the worse.
First of all it hits high (well there is a way to make it hit smid, I 
will cover it later), so it can be ducked leaving you opened for an 
attack; it is one frame slower than Heiachi's or Kazuya's Wgf (12 frames 
against 11), and most important you won't be able to juggle your 
opponent whenever it connects on Ch since it will send your opponent 
flying to the other part of the screen.
As I told above there is a way to make this move hit smid instead of 
high, simply by pressing the Tag button immediately after having pressed 
the 2 button (f,N,d,df+2~5).
In this way whenever the Wgf connects (both on Ch and not) your opponent 
will be launched in the air and your partner will Tag in to end the Tag 
juggle.
In this case the Wgf becomes more useful, since you can use the crouch 
dash to go under high attacks and hit your opponent with a guaranteed 
juggle even in Ch (tag juggle).
Furthermore, when you Tag the Wgf it becomes totally unreversable and 
unparryable.
The Wgf is good even to punish some long recovery times like Hei's Twin 
Pistons recovery, but as soon as you will master the Electric version of 
this move you will perform the normal Wgf rarely.
Properties: Juggles, class 2 Tag launcher(against the Big guys it 
becomes a class 4 launcher when tagged).




Electric Wind Goofiest:
Cmnd           dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,N,d~df~2     25         h*        11       +4        kd       kd

This is the ultimate Mishima technique, one of the best move in the 
game; good speed (well it depends really on how fast you can perform it 
but from the moment you press the button the move comes out in 11 frames 
which is really good) insane priority, juggle on every hit, good damage 
(toned a bit down from T3.. 25 points against 30).
Excellent as an interrupter, invaluable when you have to punish recovery 
times and whiffs, if you want to become a true Jin player you must learn 
how to perform this move consistently; and when I say consistently I 
mean while moving, after a ss, after a backdash, while dashing fw (more 
about this in the Movements and Unconventional moves section), during a 
Wave Dash (see the Wave Dash section).
You will have to make your opponent pay for every whiff or recovery 
time, and this can be obtained only with hours of training; the motion 
required to perform this move is infact one of the most difficult in the 
game: you must do the d,df motion quickly, and press the 2 button as 
soon as you arrive in the df position.
You don't need to perform the d~df~2 motion immediately after the f,n, 
you can even wait a bit, the important part of the motion on which you 
should focus is the df~2.
Like the normal Wgf even the Ewgf hits high, but due to his really good 
recovery time it's not easy to punish it; and like the normal Wgf you 
can make it hit smid by pressing the Tag button(even in this case, the 
Ewgf becomes unreversable and unparryable).
If your opponent blocks the Ewgf he will be pushed back with a guard 
stun which gives you +4 frames of advantage; thanks to this property I 
use the Ewgf both as a spacing manoeuvre and for set-up strategies(see 
the Set-up section).
The only drawback of this move is that it can be sidestepped really 
easily on the left, so you must be careful when you are playing against 
a good sidestepping opponent.
Maybe Jin's best move.  
Properties: Juggle, Guard Stun, class 2 Tag launcher(against the Big 
guys it becomes a class 4 launcher when tagged).



Thunder God Fist:
Cmnd           dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,N,d,df+1,    35         m,        23     -14,-14     kd       kd
3 or 4                   m or l             or -20

Another move that you can perform after the CD, another Mishima 
trademark move. 
This move could have been a good mix-up to the Hell Sweep, 'cause it 
hits mid, but unfortunately the TGF is too slow to be a real danger for 
even an average opponent. 
As the other CD attacks, it can easily be sidestepped on the left (it is 
almost impossible to sidestep it on the right), and after having blocked 
it your opponent will be able to hit (and juggle) you before 
you land, or before you perform any of the possible follow-up moves(the 
mid kick or the sweep). 
Anyway the TGF can still be a useful move: if you perform the TGF at the 
very end of the Crouch Dash, it will make Jin duck and dodge under high 
and (many) mid attacks; in this way the TGF can be useful in some 
particular scenarios (you can use it to duck under Lei's Razor Rush 
Punches and hit him during his rush, for example).
The Tgf can even be used during some juggles if you wan to show some 
style.
About the follow up moves, as I told before, your opponent can 
anticipate both the mid kick or the sweep (with a jab) after having 
blocked the TGF.
I warn you not to use the Sweep, because even if it hits low it suffers 
a long recovery time (due to the stagger), which leaves you opened for a 
massive counter attack; however if you are playing against a blind or a 
brain-dead opponent, remember that after the sweep you can perform some 
juggles.
Properties: Knocks Down.


Hell Sweep:
Cmnd           dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,N,d,DF+4     18         L        20       -26       -5_kd     kd
f,N,d~DF~4     18         L        17       -26        kd       kd

This is Jin low attack, and one of the best low attacks in the game (now 
that some other low attacks have been toned down, Lei's db+4 in the 
first place).
As you can see in the command voice there are two ways of performing the 
Hell Sweep, one at normal speed and one at fast speed(almost the same 
speed as the Ewgf); the first one can be performed at any point of the 
Crouch Dash, but slower and doesn't knock down at long distance (Jin 
will hit only one of his opponent's legs, and the damage will be only 
15); if you delay this kind of sweep to the last moment of the crouch 
dash Jin will recover faster(if the Sweep connects, and if yu are near 
it will count as clean hit dealing 22 points of damage), so this is the 
only way in which you can perform some juggles after the Hell Sweep (see 
the juggle section).
The second one, which is far more useful, knocks down on every hit and 
is 3 frames faster (3 frames can make a big difference).
Obviously you should always perform the fast version (if you need range 
you can Dash buffer it or Wave Dash buffer it).
Like in T3 even in TTT whenever your opponent blocks the sweep you will 
be in serious trouble (even more than in T3 due to the stagger) and even 
in TTT (more than in T3 due to the better ss) this move can be easily 
sidestepped on the left.
So why this attack is so useful?
Well first of all it deals really good damage, since the juggles that 
you can perform after it can deal 45+ points of damage; this is the 
reason why Jin's guessing game is effective, since you can deal to your 
opponent good damage both with a mid hit or a low one.
Remember however that you take a huge risk every time you perform an 
Hell Sweep, so don't become overconfident or you will be dead in 
seconds; furthermore a very skilled opponent can see this move coming, 
even the fast version, so be careful. 
In general this move will become useful when your opponent will be 
forced to block (maybe for a long recovery time or while getting up) and 
you can start you guessing game mixing the Hell Sweep with other mid 
attacks (a Crouch Dash cancelled Rising Upper or a Crouch Dash cancelled 
Demon's Paw for example, or even a simple Rising Axe Kick).
The Hell Sweep has been a bit overrated in the T3 days, mainly because 
the overall level of the Tekken community was not as high as it is 
today; you can still use this move to kill Tekken beginners and scrubs, 
but believe me, today against a good opponent it is more difficult to 
connect often with this move.
A last word about this move must be spent for the okizeme field: in T3 
the Hell Sweep was the move you had to perform to hit a grounded 
opponent, but now in TTT you have the Soccer Kick (b+4) which is 
safer....
Uh, and NEVER, NEVER perform the second kick, since it is completely 
USELESS; if you connect with the move and your opponent falls down you 
can't perform the juggle(the kick will hit, but the damage will be 
poor); if you hit your opponent but he doesn't fall down (in the normal 
Sweep case, do you remember?) the mid kick will whiff leaving you opened 
for a counter attack; if your opponent blocks the sweep you will be 
staggered so the kick won't come out at all; if you whiff with the sweep 
and your opponent blocks the kick he will kill you in the recovery time. 
Properties: Juggles.



Hopping Kicks:
Cmnd           dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
u_uf+4,4,     25,15,      m,l,      15    -24,-26,     kd       kd
     4,4      12,25       l,m             -26,-10

This move was a bit useless in T3, now in TTT it is COMPLETELY useless.
The two versions (u and uf) differ only for the fact that in the u 
version you won't be staggered if your opponent blocks the first low 
kick but only after the second.
However your opponent will be able to low parry the low kick in any 
case, so there is really no reason to perform this move.
The recovery is horrible and you will hit only a blind opponent with 
this move.
It still has some tracking properties, but it is too little to my 
opinion.
Properties: knocks down.


Parting Wave:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
 b+1       15         m         18       -2        +8       +8

This a new move, an elegant blow that Jin makes with the side of his 
hand (the animation looks like a karate parry).
Unfortunately this move is pretty useless; it has a good recovery, just 
-2 if blocked and a good +8 when it connects, but the damage is poor, so 
it has the properties of an interrupter; unfortunately this move is too 
slow to use it in this way (18 frames), and Jin has some better options 
in this field.
You can follow the b+1 with a df which will make Jin perform a Crouch 
Dash immediately after it, but you can't perform an Ewgf or a quick Hell 
Sweep after it (or a Crouch Dash cancelled Rising Upper) so it is almost 
useless.
Furthermore the command of this move (b+1) is annoying since it makes 
this move come out even when you simply want to perform a normal jab 
while blocking (not to mention the fact that due to this move Jin has no 
more his b+1 special jab that he had in T3 and that Kazuya has now in 
TTT).
Properties: none.



Corpse Thrust:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
db+1       24         m         21       -4        kd       kd

This new punch looks great, maybe one of the nicest animations in the 
game (to my opinion).
Unfortunately the usefulness of this move is not so great, since it is 
really slow (21 frames!!!) and even if it goes under high attacks during 
the punch animation, you will be hit by the mid ones.
Out of his slow execution, this move has some good properties: first of 
all it goes under high attacks, and even during the recovery high 
attacks will completely miss.
Furthermore this move is not subject to CH so even if you are hit during 
it's animation the hit will be a normal one.
Another really good feature is that this move tracks a lot.
Whenever it connects your opponent will be slammed to the ground (like 
Hei's 1+2 on ch), and if he doesn't quick rise (holding b) you can 
inflict him more damage with a guaranteed ground hit (a Flip Kick works 
well for this purpose).
A major drawback of this move is that sometimes it will come out when 
you instead wanted to perform a normal d+1, so be careful..




Backhand to High Kick:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
b+2,3      12,15      h,h       17     -13,-1     -2,+1    -2,+1

A new string, nothing special to tell the truth.
The main drawback is that both hits are high, so this string can be 
ducked easily.
The kick however comes out fast, so it is impossible to perform a WS 
attack between the two hits.
The recovery time of the string is good, since the kick has a guard stun 
property which reduces the recovery to a really good -1 if blocked.
However when this string connects you won't have a big advantage 
(just+1), so you can't use it for set-up purposes.
The only real use of this string is when you perform the Crouch 
Cancelled Rising Upper; when you make a mistake during the cancel, most 
of times a b+2 will come out instead of the Rising Upper; in this case 
if you buffer the kick (by pressing 3) Jin will perform this string 
(however there is a better option in this case, see the Moves and 
Unconventional Moves section).
Properties: Guard Stun.


Corpse Splitter:
Cmnd           dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
U_UB_UF+2+4    30         M        ages      x         x         x  

Well, hem, yes, this move is completely useless.
You can use only to jump over a charging opponent and for taunting 
purposes....useless.
Properties: Ground Hit.



Hop Back Kick:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
ub+4        9         m         ?        ?         kd       kd

You will not use this move often, but it can still be useful to know 
that whenever you want to go Bw safely you can use this kick which is 
quick and has good priority. 
Remember also that while in the air you can buffer some motions: for 
example if you hold back while hopping back, and press fw+2 as 
soon as you hit the floor, you will perform a Stun Punch.
Properties:none.



Running Side Kick:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,f,f+3    30         m         22       +10       kd       kd

Even if you won't use it often, you may find the running side kick 
useful in certain situation.
The kick is slow, but once it started it has some good properties; first 
of all it knocks down on every hit dealing good damage (30), and at the 
right distance it jumps over low moves.
Whenever your opponent blocks it you have a really good advantage (due 
to the guard stun), so this move is well suited for SET-UP PURPOSES; 
remember that namco has changed this move from T3, so you don't have any 
guaranteed hits after the guard stun.
In general this move can be easily sidestepped in the right, so you 
should use it when your opponent is forced to block, which in most cases 
happens when he is rising from the ground (see the Okizeme section).
You can perform this kick even out of a Crouch Dash, but the motion 
required is a bit difficult:
f,n,d,df,f,uf+3
With this motion you can perform it without running.
Properties: Guard Stun, Knocks Down.


Spinning God Fist:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
b+1+4      40         !(m)      43       x         x         x

Well this unblockable has good speed if compared with other unblockables 
in the game, and while performing it Jin ducks and slides fw; even 
though, at good level of play, it can be easily interrupted so you 
should never use it against skilled opponents.
You can use it when you think that your opponent is going to Tag, to hit 
the incoming character, since if he cancels the Tag and blocks you will 
hit him (see the Tag section). 
This move hits the big characters while they lie on the floor. 
Properties: Unblockable, Knocks Down.


Super Spinning God Fist:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
B+1+4      80         !(m)      63       x         x         x

This is the big version of the SGF, and even if it deals more damage it 
is too slow to be a danger for someone (you can try again during the 
Tag).
Properties: Unblockable, Knocks Down.


Attack Reversal:
Cmnd          dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
b+1+3_2+4     varies     x        x         x         x        x

The high-mid Reversal, that Jin learned from his mother Jun, can be 
useful, but you must be cautious and learn when to use it. 
Besides the "chicken" which will break the reversal attempt but which 
will inflict small damage, the worst mistake you can make is to become 
overconfident and try the Reversal too often; this will make you become 
predictable and your opponent may take advantage of it by performing 
delayed or Low attacks whenever you try the Reversal motion.
You should use the Reversal once in a while or during some combos, when 
it will be more difficult for your opponent to break the reversal. 
Furthermore the proper use of the Reversal may have a psychological 
effect on your opponent: sometimes it will happen that he will become so 
concentrated in breaking or avoiding the Reversal attempt that his 
attacks will lose effectiveness; when it happens immediately take 
advantage of it.
Furthermore, in TTT thanks to the Soccer Kick the damage that you can 
inflict with a reversal can become really huge, making it worth trying 
it once in a while.
Another moment in which you may use the reversal is while you are 
Tagging in with Jin; in this case your opponent will almost surely try 
to attack you, and you can interrupt the attack with your reversal; your 
opponent could delay the attack or choose a low attack, but in any case 
this can be a way to make him be more cautious when you are tagging in 
(unless he uses a non reversable move).
Properties: none.



Universal Low Parry:
Cmnd          dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
 df            x         x         x        x         x        x

A big innovation in TTT, the universal Low Parry can be performed by 
every char in the game simply pressing df on the controller.
Jin lacked a Low Parry in T3, and now this addiction is really welcome.
You won't use this move too much, since Jin has one of the best WS 
attacks in the game, the Rising Upper, that you can perform after having 
blocked most of the low hits; you don't have to Low Parry so often then, 
or at least not often as other chars that need a low parry to deal more 
damage.
But there still are some cases in which you will use it, mostly against 
those chars which have strings or low hits that won't guarantee a hit 
when blocked: Julia's 4,4 or 1,1,4, for example.
In this case the Low Parry allows Jin to react and interrupt where in T3 
he had just to block and wait.
When you Low Parry a move your opponent will have 7 frames of recovery 
if you parry a punch (no guaranteed hits here but guessing game), and 15 
frames of recovery if you parry a kick.
In the second case you can deal some guaranteed damage; the minimum 
response should be a Right Axe Kick (df+4,4) which is fast and easy to 
connect, but you mat choose to go for a Tagged Ewgf (you need the tag in 
order to make this move hit smid since your opponent recovers crouching 
and the normal Ewgf hits high); the second option is far more difficult, 
but the damage will be definitely higher (well it depends which char you 
have as partner, cause Jin will Tag out and you have to perform the 
juggle with the incoming char), so make your choice.
The right use of the low parry can be the key of victory against some 
chars so learn how to use it properly.
Properties: none.



Force Block:
Cmnd       dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
b+1+2       x         x         x        x         x        x

This move is not very useful, mainly because it is a bit slow, so you 
can't use it as reaction, to neutralize an incoming move. You may use it 
against a flying move (King's f+1+4 or Ling's f,f+3+4) to start some 
juggles, but as I told before in most cases you must perform the 
Electric Block before your opponent starts its move, so even in this 
case, you should guess which move your opponent will perform; to my 
opinion it is too risky against skilled opponents. 
The only way I use this move is as a taunt, both on the ground and 
during juggles (see Juggles section), or to start Devil Jin possession.
Properties: Guard Stun.



Devil Jin Possession:
Cmnd          dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
b+1+2,2,2,3    x         x         x        x         x        x

This is a TTT exclusive, a new stance that Jin can enter only when his 
partner is Heiachi.
Very, very cool idea, unfortunately the possession is not as useful as 
it could be.
When you perform the command Jin's dark side comes out, he is surrounded 
by lightning’s and runes appear on his face; Jin changes his combat 
guard from the normal one into Heiachi's one (too cool).
While in this stance you can perform all Jin's normal moves plus some 
exclusive moves that I will list in the following paragraphs.
A very, very cool idea, unfortunately the possession is not as useful as 
it could be.
Infact Jin will exit the stance as soon as you block, sidestep, run, 
cancel a Crouch Dash or perform a move (both a Devil Jin move or a 
normal one).
You can well understand how difficult is to use this stance effectively 
during a match; plus you need as a you Tag partner Heiachi (my fav Tag 
team...well with King and Armour King).
In general you will have the chance to enter in to the Devil Jin stance 
when you knock down your opponent, but you will inevitably loose some 
time that you could instead spend into some Okizeme strategies.
A side note: every time you perform a Devil-Jin-only move, Jin will take 
points of damage; not too much, but remembe this one when you have 
little energy.
Properties: Guard Stun.



Devil Jin Wind God Fist:
Cmnd          dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,N,d,df+2    21         m         12                 kd       kd

Yes, Jin has a mid Wgf.
No, you won't use it too much.
Why? Because you won't be able to enter or hold the Devil Jin possession 
stance enough to use this move consistently.
The move itself is amazing, since it is fast (one frame slower than the 
Ewgf) juggles on every hit (juggling even higher when it connects on 
Ch), guard stunning your opponent when he blocks it (you gain big 
advantage but no guaranteed hits after it).
It can be sidestepped like every other CD attack, but the fact that it 
hits mid gives you a big guessing game chance (if you mix it up with the 
Hell Sweep).
A side note: if your opponent blocks this move and he is using a 
Mishima, you won't gain any advantage since you will be guard stunned as 
well.
Jin will lose 19 poits of energy every time he performs this move; it 
will deal 4 points of damage if your opponent blocks it. 
Against Jun or Kazuya it deals 13 poits of damage if blocked and 28 
poits of damage instead of 21 when it connects .
Properties: Guard stun, Juggles.



Devil Jin Hell Sweep to Rising Axe Kick:
Cmnd            dmg       rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
f,N,d,DF+4,     15,       l         16      -16,       kd,       kd
4,4            12,10      m,m               -3,-16     +8,-5    +8,-5

Again another amazing move; an Hell Sweep that can be performed with no 
risk of being hit back if blocked.
This version infact has a couple of really good features: first of all 
you won't be staggered in the normal way if your opponent blocks the 
Sweep; the second great feature is that you can follow up the sweep with 
a Rising Axe Kick; this means that if you stop at the first part of this 
Rising Axe, Jin will be completely safe even when your opponent blocks 
this move.
Furthermore you can even juggle your opponent even after the mid kick.  
Coupled with the mid Wgf this move is a great guessing game weapon.
Jin will take 13 points of damage every time he performs the first 
sweep, and other 3 poits for each of the following kick.
Properties: none.


Devil Jin Crouch Stun Punch:
Cmnd      dmg        rg       Fhit     Badv      Hadv     CHadv
1+2       28+3        m         21      -12       kd       kd

This punch has the same animation of the db+1 Corpse Thrust; the 
properties are different however since whenever it is blocked it will 
push your opponent very, very far; if your opponent is using Jin, Hei or 
Devil your recovery will be longer but you will push them even more far; 
if your opponent is using Kazuya your recovery will be shorter than 
normal.
Whenever it connects it will stun your opponent dealing even good 
damage; after it you can perform some juggles.
This could be a useful move, but the times you will be able to use it 
are very, very limited.
Jin will take 9 points of damage every time he performs this move; the 
damage will be 7 against Kazuya; no damage taken against Jin, Hei and 
Devil.
The damage inflicted will be greater against Kazuya, 41 points.  
Properties: stuns on every hit.


**THROWS**

I will now analize Jin's throws; remember that Jin's throwing game has 
improved a lot due to the new Soccer Kick that will almost always give 
your opponent big problems after every throw.
I will write in the following paragraphs only the properties of the 
throw and eventually all the guaranteed hits after them, leaving the 
Okizeme advices to the Okizeme section of this guide.


Bitch Kicks:
Cmnd     dmg      Fhit      escape
1+3      30        12         1

The standard left throw that Jin inherited from his father; the damage 
is normal, and there are no guaranteed hits after it(the recovery time 
is longer than in T3).
When Jin is in team with Kazuya or Jun this throw will be little 
different: Jin will wait a bit before starting to kick his opponent, he 
will laugh and his opponent will be surrounded by lightnings after the 
throw; the most important difference from the normal version is that the 
recovery from this throw is far better , so you have the chance to 
inflict a ground hit to your opponent (Hell Sweep or, better, a Soccer 
Kick).
The escape is easy, and can be done even just for luck (the left jab is 
a common move while in close range) so mix it up with the other throws.


Flip Toss:
Cmnd     dmg      Fhit      escape
2+4      30        12        2

The standard right throw, same damage of the right one, again no 
guaranteed hits after it.
However the position in which you will leave you opponent is far more 
dangerous(for him) than the other one, cause he will lay face down, head 
tw you.
You can set good okizeme after it(see okizeme  section) so use it often.


Stone Head:
Cmnd      dmg      Fhit      escape
f,f+1+2    33       12        1+2

The Mishima trademark throw, slight better damage, and more difficult 
escape (1+2 not so difficult at high level of play, a trained eye can 
see the f,f motion).
This is one of the few throws in the game that can be techrolled (your 
opponent will always techroll on his left); if he just tech rolls there 
are some guaranteed hits: ff,b+4 or UF,4(the stunning mid Kick).
However you opponent can block this two hits just techrolling and 
pressing f; I don't know why, but the f makes the recovery time shorter.
However whenever your opponent Techrolls you can Juggle him(in any case, 
both if he holds f or b) with a ss~Ewgf~5; the timing is a bit difficult 
since you have to time your tagged Ewgf as soon as the ss alignes you 
with your opponent (after his techroll).
You may even try to aligne with a F (F,f,n,d,df~2), but in this case(to 
my opinion) the timing is even more difficult.
If your opponent chooses not to techroll, you can hit him easily with a 
Soccer Kick (again you have to move a bit fw or SS).
If your Tag partner is Jun, you can Tag this throw (f,f+1+2~5) and let 
her come in to finish the throw animation.   


Striking Shiho Rage:
Cmnd      dmg      Fhit      escape
df+2+3    38        11         1+2

Jin learned this throw from his mother Jun, and this is his most 
damaging frontal throw.
Whenever you connect with this throw, your opponent will end laying face 
up with Jin on his right side; since Jin will be nearer to the 
opponent's head rather to his feet, whenever he chooses to rise he will 
be backturned.
In T3 you had a guaranteed Hell Sweep after the throw, but now the 
Sweep(or a Soccer Kick) seems escapable by rolling on a side and then 
rolling back; however your opponent must do it immediately as soon as he 
is floored, or the Sweep (or better the Soccer Kick) will connect.
Another good property of this throw is that you can delay a bit the 2+3 
command during the df crouching motion; obviously you can't perform it 
from a full crouch position, but you can delay it enough to fool 
sometimes your opponent (mixing it up with the instant Ws+2 which can be 
performed after a df,n motion can be a good strat).
This throw lacks a bit of range, but the escape command requires two 
buttons (this is a change from T3 in which you could escape it with one 
button).


Twisting Wrist Toss:
Cmnd      dmg      Fhit      escape
qcb+1+3    35       11         2

This throw deals good damage, but requires a stick motion that will 
inevitably slow down the speed of the throw.
Even though this throw leaves your opponent in a rally bad position (for 
him): face up, head tw you, which gives you the opportunity to deal him 
extra easy damage.
No guaranteed hits, but something like: if he lays on the ground you can 
move a bit fw and ,guess what? Yes, Soccer Kick; the only way he can 
escape it is by rolling on a side, but if you think that he is going to 
roll you have simply to perform the Soccer Kick without moving and you 
will hit him.
The escape command for this throw is easy, so mix it up with the other 
throws. 



Devil Jin Stonehead:
Cmnd        dmg      Fhit     escape
f,f+1+2     37        11       1+2
This is almost the same throw that you can perform while not in Devil 
Jin stance; the only difference is that the damage that you will inflict 
greater.



Left Side Throw(when on your opponent left side):
Cmnd              dmg      Fhit      escape
1+3_2+4,          43        12          1
or every throw
This side throw is very good, since it leaves your opponent in Play dead 
position, which means that you have very good Okizeme options after 
it(see the Okizeme section).


Right Side Throw(when on your opponent right side):
Cmnd              dmg      Fhit      escape
1+3_2+4,          40        12         2
or every throw                          
An average good side throw, your opponent will be in Slide position; in 
this case if he tries to rise immediatley you can juggle him with a 
White Heron; if he rolls back you can follow him with a f,f or a CD and 
if he tries to attack you can CH him with a b+4.



Back Throw:
Cmnd              dmg      Fhit      escape
1+3_2+4,          60        12        none
or every throw                         

Ouch, this hurts! The damage of the throw itself is good, but if you add 
the guaranteed Soccer Kick after it(60+21, 81 total damage), well you 
can well imagine how devastating this throw can be.
Unfortunately you won't connect with this throw too many times (maybe 
never against a good opponent), but well whenever it will happen your 
opponent won't forget it for a while.



Ultimate Tackle:
Cmnd      dmg      Fhit      escape
df+1+2     x        x         
The Ultimate Tackle is not a good move: it is slow, it can be 
interrupted easily, has limited range (unless you use the CD motion, see 
Unconventional Moves section), and if you miss you are opened to a 
counter attack; furthermore it can be escaped in two ways (and even 
reversed), and even if you knock down your opponent, he will be able to 
escape both the punches (1,2..or 2,1..) or the Arm Bar (1+2) 
quite easily.



**STRINGS**

I have to say in advance that I don't use the strings too often (at a 
high level of play they are almost useless) but I will give them a quick 
look 'cause I think that at least two of them can have some use.


b+2,4,4,4,4,2,1+4,2,(1,3or4_3+4)

This set of strings is not so good 'cause the first two hits are high 
and the fourth kick (a sweep) can be easily low-parried; if you manage 
to arrive to the last hit unharmed, your opponent will have to block 
correctly the ender you choose (remember however that the last TGF is a 
little slow, so it won't be difficult for your opponent to duck to block 
the Can-Can kicks and than 
rise and block a possible TGF).


b+2,4,2,1,2 

I've listed this variation separately, 'cause this is undoubtedly Jin's 
most useful string. It has some good properties: first of all this 
string is more difficult to interrupt, and since the last three punches 
are mid, your opponent can't low-parry the string and get free hits. 
If the second hit connects, the 3rd and 4th hit are guaranteed.
Furthermore the first punch of this string has the property to turn 
slightly on the side your opponent;in some cases (for example if you hit 
you opponent on the left side, or after having blocked some particular 
moves such Jin or Hei's Flash Punches) the whole string will connect. 
This string can be used even during juggles, so be sure that you learn 
the right timing and distance.
As I wrote in the moves section, this string can even be useful when you 
perform the Crouch Dash cancelled Rising Upper (see the Rising Upper 
paragraph).

3,2,4,3,1+4,2,2,1,2
3,2,4,3,1+4,2,1,3
3,2,4,3,1+4,2,1,4

Whenever you start one of these sets of strings you should stop at the 
third hit; the 4th in fact hits high, and you opponent will be able to 
duck it easily and hit you with a WS attack.


f,f,N+2,1,2,2,3,4,3,2,1
f,f,N+2,1,2,2,3,4,1,2,1
f,f,N+2,1,4,4,2,4,3,2,1

If you have played T2 (or you play TTT with Kazuya) you should know that 
these set of strings are exactly the same of Kazuya; they look cool, but 
unfortunately the first two variations start with four high punches, so 
it won't be difficult for your opponent to duck them. 
The last variation instead can be quite useful, 'cause after the 
first two punches Jin will perform a Right Axe Kick which hits mid. The 
5th punch is a low jab, and if you stop at it you will end ducking; this 
means that you can perform, immediately after the recovery time, every 
WS attack (I try this once in a while, to catch my opponent off guard).


Devil Jin String:

1,2,2,3,2,4,3

This is obviously the best string in the game since it is guaranteed if 
the first punch connects even not on ch.
The first hits of the string are high, so your opponent could duck them, 
so be careful.
Jin will take no damge for the first 5 hits; if you perform the 6th Jin 
will take 4 poits of damage, if you perform even the last one Jin will 
take 12 poits of damage.


---------------------------------------------------------------------



****MOVEMENTS AND UNCONVENTIONAL MOVES****

In this section I will analize all those particular movements and 
unconventional way to perform certain moves that if mastered will 
inevitably make a big difference between an average player and a top 
one.



***Spacing movements***

Spacing is one of the most important basic skills in Tekken; a good 
spacing can make your opponent whiff more often and will make your 
attacks connect(blocked or not) almost always.
Every movement listed here can be used for a specific task, and learning 
how to use them together your spacing skills will be really deadly.


-Continuos Backdash:
This kind of movement, similar to Lei's HAHA step, allows you to 
Backdash repeatedly (and quickly) without the recovery time of the 
normal Backdash.
If you try to do it in the normal way (b,b, b,b..) you will have to wait 
a long recovery time between each b,b command, making impossible for you 
to Backdash repeatedly.
However there are two unconventional ways to make your Backdash 
continuos and quick; these are the commands:
b,b,db,n,b,db,n,b,...repeat
b,b, f~b,b, f~b,b...repeat
In the first case you will cancel the first -b,b- motion with a -db- 
input; the cpu will buffer the -b- part of the -db- input so you will be 
able to repeat the backdash inputting only another -b-; again you can 
cancel the backdash with another -db- and so on.
The -n- command you see after the -db- means that you have to can't 
slide from the -db- to the -b- position (like a qcb) since in this case 
the backdash won't come out.
Don't worry, it's easier to do it than to explain with words (and with 
my english..:) ).
This kind of Continuos Backdash covers a big distance allowing you to 
block during all the Backdash; with this Backdash you can make your 
opponent whiff really easily, you can even avoid two or three-hit 
strings (like the Twin Pistons: b,b on the first hit and db,n,b to avoid 
the second one).
If you couple it with Jin's really good speed and with his ability to 
shorten the distance with the Crouch Dash(or even a f,f), you can well 
imagine how useful this Backdash can be.

In the second case (the b,b, f~b,b, f~b,b.. motion) you will cancel the 
-b,b- motion with a -f- input and immediately cancel the -f- with 
another -b,b-.
The -f- input will make Jin recover for his -b,b- and allows you to 
input the -b,b- again.
You should input the -b,b- command immediately after the -f- in order to 
shorten the window in which Jin is vulnerable.
This kind of Backdash, even if not as safe as the previous one, can be 
really useful since every time you input the -f-, you can buffer it as 
the -f- motion for the Crouch Dash command (or every move that requires 
a -f- movement).
In this way you will be able to punish your opponent's whiffs with the 
Ewgf more easily.
In general I use the first kind of Continuos Backdash when I want to 
gain lot of space, and the second one when I need less space and more 
attacking speed.


-Forward Slide:

This kind of movement allows Jin to slide forward without dashing, and 
continuously facing his opponent.
The command for this movement is:
f,b~f,b~f...
You will have to cancel the -f- with a -b- and immediately input the -f- 
again.
As I wrote Jin will face his opponent while sliding, since every -f- 
input will redirect him tw his opponent.
Furthermore the system will buffer the -f- command, so you will be able 
to input the Ewgf (and other attacks) at every time.
This is an effective way to put pressure on your opponent, tracking his 
sidestep (he can sidestep the attack you perform, but it will be more 
difficult since you can perform it at any time) and staring a good 
guessing game (Ewgf if he tries to interrupt, throws if he blocks high, 
Demon's Paw or Stun Punch -which is buffered by the b~f motion- if he 
ducks).
This movement is faster than the Wave Dash (even if you can do WD a 
light speed, this movement will always be faster), tracks better and in 
a faster way,  but has less "buffered" options; it is more suited when 
you are at close range.


-Snake Dash:
The Snake Dash is the name that Koreans gave to a particular kind of 
movement that consists in cancelling the Crouch Dash movement into a 
Sidestep.
The command of this movement is:

f,N,d,df,f,ss...repeat
f,N,d,df,b,ss...repeat
or even 
f,N,d,df,ub,u
f,N,d,df,db,d

As I wrote in the Crouch Dash section you can cancel the CD movement at 
any moment with a -f- or -b- input(or even ub_db); immediately after the 
cancel you can input the sidestep command.
This movement is useful to fool your opponent and make him whiff (if he 
tries to interrupt the CD), and even to follow your opponent when he 
sidesteps.
The attack you will perform won't track him, but with the Snake Dash you 
can anticipate him in the side movement and you can try to launch a 
surprise attack.
Remember, the attack you may launch after the Snake Dash won't track, it 
could be sidestepped as a normal attack; the only scenario in which the 
attack will hit a sidestepping opponent is when he chooses the wrong 
time for his ss.


-Sidestepped Dash and Backdash:

This is not a particular movement (with particular command) but is more 
a way to move on the screen so that it will be more difficult for your 
opponent to hit you, allowing you to launch your attach from a side 
position.
The command for the Sidestepped Dash is:

ss,f,ss,f,ss,f ....repeat

This kind of Fw movement is done just by cancelling the sidestep with a 
-f- input (or with a -f,f- if you want to cover more range) and 
cancelling it again with another sidestep.
You can decide at which moment you want to cancel the sidestep, so you 
can vary the width of your side movement.
The Sidestepped Dash is useful when you want to come in close range 
while sidestepping your opponent attack; obviously you won't sidestep 
every attack, so you must chose the direction of the sidestep according 
to the attack that you guess your opponent will perform.
In general I do a couple of sidesteps cancelling them immediately with 
the -f- (or -f,f-) to shorten the distance between me and my opponent; 
this will make my opponent try to attack in most cases (to interrupt my 
advancing movement) and when I'm in attack range I will perform a huge 
sidestep.

The Sidestepped Backdash is nothing more than a reverse Sidestepped 
Dash; the command is:

ss, b,b, ss, b,b ...repeat

In this case you are cancelling the sidestep with a backdash; again you 
can cancel the sidestep at every moment, so, again, you can vary the 
width of your side movement.  
This movement will cover a huge distance while changing the angle 
between you and your opponent.
This will make him whiff more frequently since he could whiff both for 
range (due to the -b,b-) and for the sidestep.
If you cancel the sidestep with a single -b- instead of a -b,b- you will 
cover less distance but you will change angle more quickly.
Obviously you can mix the Sidestepped Backdash with the Sidestepped Fw 
Dash to make your opponent life really difficult; but remember, you must 
be ready to block if your opponent succeeds in reading your movements.
I warn you, IT IS NOT EASY to use this kind of movement effectively, so 
don't be sad if at the beginning your opponent hits you with some lucky 
shots; the only advice that I can give you is to use this movements 
cautiously, and obviously not for the entire round.
However if you train and make experiments I'm sure that you will be able 
to use this movements effectively.

 
-Wave Dash:
The Wave Dash is a motion which consists in performing repeatedly the 
Crouch Dash movement.
The command for the Wave Dash is:

f,N,d,df, f, ,d,df, f, d,df, f ....repeat

or f,N,d,df,f,f,d,N,d,df,f,f,N,d,df,f....repeat

In the first case you cancel the first Crouch Dash with a -f- input that 
can be buffered as the first -f- command for the next Crouch Dash 
motion, and so on.
The faster you cancel the Crouch Dash with the -f- , the faster you will 
input the second Crouch Dash; this is the motion required if you want to 
perform what Koreans call Light Dash (Wave Dash at light speed).
In the second case you will simply cancel the Crouch Dash motion with a 
-f- and input the Crouch Dash command again; in this case the next 
Crouch Dash will be performed more easily but even more slowly.
The Wave Dash can be a useful tool, but you really must know how to use 
effectively; performing 100 Crouch Dashes in a second won't make you a 
Tekken master.
The first thing you should learn is how to perform consistently the 
attacks that Jin can perform while Wave Dashing.
Since the main purpose of the Wave Dash is to set up a dangerous 
guessing game which will deal to your opponent consistent damage every 
time he guesses wrong, the main weapons you need for this task are a low 
hit (the Hell Sweep and the Throws), a mid hit (the Demon's Paw or the 
Rising Upper, both the CD cancelled and the instant Ws versions) and a 
good interrupter (the Ewgf).
Once you have learned HOW to perform the Wave Dash consistently, the 
next step is to learn WHEN you should use it.
About the guessing game application of the Wave Dash you should  use it 
when your opponent is somehow forced to block; this happens in two 
cases: when you gain a consistent frame advantage or when he is rising 
from the ground.
The second case in particular is even more indicated since your opponent 
would be at a high disadvantage, he won't be able to sidestep(a big 
advantage!!!) and the attacks that he could use to interrupt your 
guessing game are very limited(more about this in the Okizeme section).
With the Wave Dash you can cover long distances in almost no time, so 
this kind of movement is well suited when you want to shorten the 
distance between you and your opponent.
In general you won't have to perform more than a couple of CD before you 
should launch your attack.
Obviously this may change according to the opponent that you are facing; 
against interrupting-happy players a couple of Wave Dashed Ewgf 
(f,n,d,df,f,d,df~2) will make him think twice before trying to interrupt 
your WD again; while against less reactive players you can do more 
Crouch Dashes.
However a good sidestepping opponent, and more in general a good spacing 
one can be your worst enemy when you use the Wave Dash.
As every other strategy in the game infact, the Wave Dash is not 
unbeatable, and good spacing skills (sidestep included) can be the key 
to reach this goal. 
The Sidestep vs Wave Dash matter is not an easy one (I've done countless 
discussions on the net on this subject); the important point that must 
be cleared is that every attack performed during the WD can be 
sidestepped easily and in almost every case on the same direction (on 
the left); choosing to Sidestep your opponent will avoid part of your 
guessing game since he will be able with one choice to avoid both your 
mid hits and your low ones.
This is a fact: every time your opponent understands that you are going 
to attack he will be able to sidestep the move you will perform.
The difficult part in this sidestepping strategy is to understand at 
which point of your WD you will attack.
However, even if it is it true that more than two Crouch dashes will 
track an opponent who tried to sidestep the first or the second one, but 
in most cases he will be able to block the attack that you will launch 
with the third CD.
Three CD and the attack can be useful against opponents that will attack 
you immediately after the sidestep; but what if your opponent chooses 
not to sidestep and tries to interrupt your WD instead?
As you may see the guessing game between the attacker and the defender 
is endless, and each one can have the upper hand, so I won't go on and I 
will leave to your own experience the final word.
What you should remember is that when you Wave Dash you expose yourself 
to some risks that you can't ignore: whenever your opponent guesses 
right you can be in real troubles (a sidestepped Ewgf, a blocked Hell 
Sweep or a ducked Throw can mean massive damage); but at the same time 
whenever you Wave Dash properly you will force your opponent to react to 
your attack making him pay hard for every mistake.
Uh, and remember that you can block at every point of your WD simply 
pressing -b- or -db-.



-Fake Crouch Dash and Fake Wave Dash:

This movement will be one of your most useful tools if you want to build 
a good Wave Dash strategy or more in general if you want to make your 
opponent whiff more often.
This movement consists in cancelling the Crouch Dash motion in order to 
make your game less predictable and to make your opponent whiff if he 
tries to interrupt your movement.
The command is:

f,n,d,df~b,b, f,n,d,df~b,b...repeat
or f,n,d,df~b, f,n,d,df~b....repeat

In both versions you cancel the CD with the -b- input, stopping it at 
the point you desire(the faster you input the -b- the faster you will 
stop).
The two versions are slightly different: with the first one, thanks to 
the second -b- input Jin will backdash immediately after having stopped 
the CD.
With the second one Jin will just stop after the CD.
Obviously you can input the cancel even during the Wave Dash making 
harder for your opponent to understand when you will launch your attack 
and when not.
The goal you want to achieve when you perform a Fake CD or WD is to make 
your opponent whiff, so be ready to punish him whenever it happens.
If you succeed in doing this you opponent will feel more insecure, and 
he wont try to interrupt you as often, leaving you all the space and 
time you need for your guessing game (and Wave Dash).




***Dash buffer***

There are several moves that can be dash buffered, but  before listing 
them I will explain for new players what is the dash buffer. The concept 
is quite simple: whenever a move requires a starting -f- (forward) or -
b- (back) stick motion, you can initiate this move after a dash (f,f or 
b,b) because the system will take the second f or b command of the dash 
as the f or b command of the move. 
Obviously the same goes for moves which require a -f,f- (or b,b) 
motion: in this case you can simply dash forward, hold the -f- direction 
and press the button command; by delaying or anticipating the input of 
the move you can arrange the distance that you want to cover with the 
dashed move, so be sure to learn how to perform Jin's moves with the 
dash buffer technique.
Be sure to give a look to the dashed Ewgf since it can become a really 
useful weapon in your arsenal. 


Here are the moves:

-EWGF: this motion is a bit difficult, but if you master it will give 
the EWGF(or the WGF) more range making this move perfect to launch 
sudden attacks (the motion will be f,f,N,d,df~2); the dashed Ewgf can be 
sidestepped easily, but there is a little trick that can become useful 
if you want to make this move less easy to ss: if you input the second f 
slowly and hold it for a brief moment Jin will face his opponent, so if 
you perform the Ewgf it will somehow track him; this can be done only if 
your opponent tries to ss the Ewgf anticipating the motion, and however 
he will be able to block in most cases.
If he guesses that you are slowing the dashed motion he can sidestep the 
move in any case, or worse, interrupt it since this kind of motion slows 
the execution a bit.
The dashed Ewgf  is required if you want to perform some juggles (see 
the Juggles section).


-Hell Sweep: this is one of the moves which take more benefits from the 
Dash buffer; with this motion you can gain a lot of range and perform 
the Sweep immediately with no CD animation so that this move will become 
less predictable (f,f,N,d,DF+4).


-Demon's Paw: go with the dash buffer command whenever you look for 
range; remember however that it will slower a bit the execution time.


-Stone Head Throw: another good option after a dash, and a good 
alternative to the Demon's Paw; if your opponent stands to block the 
punch attack, throw him with the Stone Head; remember however that most 
players will try to escape this throw even if it can be more difficult 
(it requires two buttons) whenever they see Jin dashing fw 'cause it is 
the most common throw that comes out after a dash (remember also that 
you can perform every standard throw after the f,f command, for example 
with a f,f+1+3 command you will perform the left throw, so mix them up 
for a good throwing game).


-Left Axe Kick: as I told in the Moves section this kick can be easily 
interrupted, so I don't ever use the dash buffer command 'cause it 
slowers the kick a bit.

-Knee: well this could be obvious, but don't underestimate the dash 
buffered version of the Knee Kick, 'cause it still is one of the best 
interrupters and with this motion it gets more range.

-Any other Crouch Dash(f,N,d,df...)attack: As you may have imagined you 
can Dash buffer every CD attack, or even only the CD motion.



***Crouch Dash tricks***

The Crouch Dash attacks that I've analized in the move section are 
basically four: the (E)Wgf, the Hell Sweep, the Tgf and the Rising Axe 
Kick.
However as I've mentioned in the CD paragraph, there are other attacks 
that may involve the Crouch Dash motion.
In the following paragraphs I will analize this kind of particular 
motions and attacks.



-Crouch Dash Buffer:
The concept of the Crouch Dash buffer is similar to the Dash buffer one; 
the system infact will hold for a brief period the -f- input of the 
Crouch Dash command as the first -f- input for those moves that require 
a -f,f- command.
If you input another -f- after the Crouch Dash (as you do when you have 
to cancel it) and press the proper button you will perform the Crouch 
Dash buffered version of the -f,f- move you choosed.
The motion is:,n,d,df, f+button

The two moves that you will use more often with this motion are the 
Demon's Paw (f,n,d,df,f+2) and the Stonehead Throw (f,n,d,df,f+1+2).
In both cases the Crouch Dash buffered motion will be slower than the 
normal -f,f- one, but you can gain more range, benefit of some of  the 
Crouch Dash properties and sometimes even fool your opponent.
The frame window in which you can input the second -f- is wide so you 
may choose to cancel the CD immediately or after a bit; however if you 
wait for too long before you input the second -f- you wont be able to 
perform the -f,f- move (a normal f+button move will come out instead).
If you just input the second -f- and hold it without inputting the 
button command Jin will run (f,n,d,df,F).



-Crouch Dash cancelled WS moves:
This is one of the most useful motions in the game, but even a hard one 
to master.
The command for this motion is:

f,n,d,df, b+button

or f,n,d,df, db,n,button

Both these motions allow you to cancel a Crouch Dash into a WS move.
In the first case the WS move will come out naturally(as if it were 
designed to be performed during a CD), but you have a limited window in 
which you can input the b+button command: if you input it too early a 
b+button move will come out, otherwise Jin will perform one of his 
Crouch Dash moves (for example if you want to perform a CD cancelled 
Rising Upper -WS+2- if you input the command too early you will do a b+2 
punch and if you input it too late a Wgf will come out).  
For this reason this motion is difficult to learn and to perform 
consistently; in the case of a Ws+2, I suggest you to input after the 
b+2 the command for a string that starts with the b+2 punch (b+2,3 or 
b+2,4,2,1,2).
In this way your opponent may have some problems in punishing you if you 
fail to perform the CD cancelled ws+2.
Furthermore you can even buffer a chicken and the string at the same 
time (CD,b+2,f+2+4,2,1,2,). 

The second command is more easy to perform: you have to cancel the CD 
with a -db- input making Jin recover low (like you do when you want to 
stop the Crouch Dash and block), making easy the input of the WS+button 
command.
You can cancel the CD at every point so this motion is easier than the 
previous one, but the animation will be less fluent (unless you time the 
cancel perfectly), making for your opponent a bit easier to spot it.
This version is even a bit more versatile since you can decide at which 
distance you will perform the WS move.
The move that you will use more often with this motion is the Rising 
Upper (WS+2); when you will learn how to perform it consistently your 
Crouch Dash mixups will be more dangerous and less predictable (and your 
Wave Dash strategies as well), so I suggest you to spend some hours of 
training on this motion.
Remember however that this version of the Rising Upper can be 
sidestepped easily on the left. 

The other WS move that you may want to perform with this motion is the 
Twin Pistons (WS+1,2); even if not useful as Kazuya's one, Jin version 
shares with his father's Twin Pistons the tracking property, making this 
move useful if you want to prevent your opponent to sidestep too often 
your Crouch Dash attacks.
Obviously you may even want to use it as an interrupter in order to 
exploit its Ch properties.



***Instant WS motion***

Jin has some of the best Ws attacks in the game, and even if these 
attacks must be started from the crouching position, there is a way to 
perform them actually without the crouching animation.
The command for this motion is:

db_df,n,button or d,db_d,df,n,button

You must wait a split second before the db_df command before executing 
the move or you will perform a crouching move.
Be careful not to press d instead of db_df or your character 
will sidestep.

There is another command that you may find elsewhere:

d,db,b+button 

To my experience this method works well, but it's not necessary: it 
works since the -d,db- motion gives you the timing for the -db- input 
without the risk of inputting the -d- command instead (that would make 
you sidestep) while the -b- input gives you the timing for the pression 
of the button without the risk of inputting it too early (which would 
make you perform a crouching move instead).
In terms of command required the db_df,n is the only one necessary, but 
if you feel more comfortable with the other motion, well, use it.
The instant WS motion can be used in various situations, even during 
your Wave Dash (after the -f- cancel).
I use the instant WS motion for the Rising Upper often after a 
successful sidestep.

---------------------------------------------------------------------


***JUGGLES***

Almost every character in the game (with few exceptions) can inflict a 
considerable amount of damage, after having launched the opponent in the 
air, by hitting (juggling) him with other moves; since this kind of 
damage is 100% guaranteed (you can't block while in the air) you can 
well understand how important the concept of juggle is.
At high level of play juggles will happen less frequently, so you should 
learn how to deal the maximum amount of damage every time that you 
juggle your opponent. 
Obviously some characters have more ways than others to juggle their 
opponent, and other characters deal more damage; Jin is one of the best 
jugglers in the game since he has a good array of juggle starters, and, 
most important, he can deal an impressive amount of damage after each of 
them.
The concept behind juggles is that you can deal guaranteed damage, so in 
this section I won't consider the Stun Punch as a starter (as it was in 
T3) since the stun after it is now easily escapable.
Let's take a look at Jin's juggle starters:

Rising Upper(WS+2): One of Jin's most useful launchers, after it you can 
still connect with some of Jin's most damaging juggles; remember that 
now this move juggles not as high as before, so connecting with some 
juggles is more difficult now.

Ewgf(f,N,d,df~2): Jin's best launcher, most of your juggles will start 
from this move.
After it you can perform Jin's most damaging juggles.

Twin Pistons(WS+1,2): this move launches high enough in the air to 
perform some good damaging juggles, but the firs hit must be on CH.

Tooth Fairy(SS+2): another good starter, 'cause it can be easily 
executed after a sidestep, it juggles high, but its recovery time is 
longer then the above mentioned moves, so you will be able to juggle 
with less moves after it; on CH it juggles higher.

Can Can Kicks(d+3+4): Jin's fastest juggle starter (well au-pair with 
the Ewgf if you can perform it in 14 frames), you will use it only at 
short range and for fast recovery times; the recovery time is horrible, 
so you won't be able to connect with most of your usual juggles after 
it.
If you have a choice use another starter.

Mid Upper (df+2): this move juggles only on CH; when it happens, this 
move juggles high enough to perform damaging juggles (you can even 
perform a TGF but the timing is really hard).

Stun Punches Combo (b,f+2,1,d+2): I just mention it as a starter but you 
will never juggle someone better then average with it.


There are other moves that, even if they don't launch your opponent in 
the air, they will allow you to perform some small and average damaging 
juggles; the most common of these starters is the Hell Sweep. 
Here is the list of these unconventional juggle starters: 

Hell Sweep(f,N,d,DF+4): after this move you can perform some average-
damaging juggles, mostly the one involving the White Heron Combo.
You can even do a Stun Punches Combo after it, but the timing is too 
hard do it consistently.

White Heron Combo(1+4,2,d+4): After the last sweep you can perform the 
same juggles that you can do after the Hell Sweep.

Spinning Kicks(uf+4,4,4..): If the second or third sweep connect, you 
can juggle your opponent mostly with the White Heron.

Left Axe Kick(f,f+3): Whenever it happens that this kick connects you 
can perform some short juggles.

Soccer Kick(b+4): The soccer kick may be considered an unconventional 
juggle starter since whenever it connects on CH you can perform some 
damaging juggles after it; this move somehow replaces the Stun Punch 
since now the stun after this punch is easily escapable.


-Electric Block juggles-

The Electric Block is a pretty useless move, but in some particular 
scenarios it can be used to juggle your opponent; this happens whenever 
you use the block against flying moves such as King's 1+4; the Electric 
Block will make your opponent bounce up and you will be able to juggle 
him.
Remember however that in most cases you won't have enough time to do it 
as reaction, so if you want to use it you should guess what move your 
opponent will do.


-Side and Flip over juggles-

When you juggle your opponent from a side, in most cases, the first hit 
that will connect on him will make him flip over and fall face down.
In T3 this kind of juggles were useful since your opponent could not 
techroll from this position (facedown).
This kind of juggles are now more rare since in TTT you can techroll 
when landing face-down.
However I say rare (and not impossible) since there is a way to hit the 
falling opponent so that he won't be able to techroll.
You have to hit the upper part of his back; you will notice that in this 
way he won't bounce at all(in TTT your opponent will bounce up if you 
hit him in the normal way making the juggle timing different from T3) 
and he will fall quicker tw the ground (like it happened in T3).
Furthermore, due to the new bounce now it is possible to connect with 
more hits if you juggle your opponent form a side.

-Face down sweep juggles-

Another way to juggle your opponent is to tap the left kick (3) when you 
lay on the ground face down; Jin will perform a sweep which once 
connected will allow you to juggle your opponent.
This will not happen too frequently and you must be careful, cause 
whenever your opponent blocks the sweep you will be opened to a WS 
attack.


-Diving stun juggles-

In T3 if you performed a dive after a Fw roll while getting up and your 
opponent blocked it you had the opportunity to juggle him with a jab 
(during the guard stun) and follow up with other hits.
In TTT you can't do it as easily as before, but the dive stun juggles 
are still possible in one particular case: the dive must hit the 
blocking opponent on his knees (it happens when it connects at the last 
frames of the dive animation); in this case the guard stun will be long 
enough to juggle him with a jab as before.
This won't happen too often with a rising dive, but more often with a 
Tag dive (see the Tag section).


-Tag Juggles after Class one starters-

As I wrote before in TTT some launchers can be tagged to perform the Tag 
juggles; the Class one juggle starters are those launchers that launch 
your opponent at the highest height: Devil's ss+2, Yoshi's 4~3, Gun 
Jack's d+1+2...
Jin doesn't have a Class one starter, but he can obviously end a juggle 
started by one of these launchers when Tagged.
This juggles are some of the most damaging in the game, plus as you may 
know the energy lost during the Tag juggles can't be recovered while out 
of the screen.



--List of Juggles--

Now that we have analized the possible starters let's take a look to 
some of Jin's possible juggles; this is obviously not a complete list, 
it is only a selection of my favourite juggles.



Launcher    Juggle                                                

(E)Wgf,   b,f+2,1,d+2, f,f+2                  
          b,f+2,1,2, f,f+2                    
          b,f+2,1,2, Ewgf                     
          b,f+2,1,2, df+4,4_ws+4,4   
          b,f+2,1,2, 1+4
          b,f+2,1,2, f,f+1+4,(2),d+4
          Ewgf, Ewgf      
          Ewgf, db+1 
          Ewgf, 1, Ewgf   
          Ewgf, 1, db+1  
          Ewgf, b+4                           
          b+4, Ewgf                           
          Ewgf, 1+4,2, f,f Ewgf  
          Ewgf, 1+4,2, f,f+2   
          Ewgf, f,n,d,df+4, Ewgf              
          f,f Ewgf, b,f+2>1,2   
          1,2, b,f+2,1,2                      
          Tgf,3
          b,f+2,1,2, b,f+2,1,2 (BIG)


Devil Jin Wgf CH   Tgf, 1+4,(2),d+4




WS+2,     b,f+2,1,d+2, f,f+2   
          b,f+2>1,2, f,f+2                    
          b,f+2,1,2, df+4,4                   
          Ewgf, f,f,1+4,2, f,f+2                  
          Tgf,3

df+2 Ch   b,f+2>1,2, f,f+2
          b,f+2,1,2, df+4,4
          Tgf,3


ss+2,    2, b,f+2,1,2
         

d+3+4,   1+4,2, f,f,Ewgf
         1+4,2, f,f+2
         1, b,f+2>1,2


f,n,d,DF+4,  1+4,2, f,f,Ewgf
             1+4,2, f,f+2
             1+4,2,4
delayed "    b+4, 1+(4),2, f,f,Ewgf
             b+4, 1+(4),2, f,f+2
             b,f+2,1,2, f,f+2   
             Ewgf, 1+4,(2),d+4


b+4 Ch,      b,f+2>,1,2, f,f+2
             df+1, b,f+2,1,2
             f~b+4, 1+4,2, f,f,Ewgf
             f~b+4, 1+4,2, f,f+2


f,f+3,      1+4,2, f,f+2
            1+4,2, EWGF 
            1+4,2, df+4,4



B+1+2(against flying opponents),     
            1,1,2
            1,2,2
            1,2, d/f+4,4
            1+4,2, f,f+2
            1,2, WGF
            1,2, f,f+2
            1, b,f+2,1,d+2
            1, b,f+2,1,2
            b,f+2,1,d+2
            b,f+2,1,2

FCD,3,     1+4,2,4
           1+4,2, WGF
           1+4,2, f,f+2
           WS+4, 1+4, df+4,4
           WS+4, 2, f,f+2
           1+4,2, df+4,4
           WS+2, df+1, f,f+2


dive,    2, b,f+2,1,2
         2, b,f+2,1,d+2~5 
         f+4, 1+4,2, f,f+2



After Class 1 launchers:

class 1,     Tgf,3
             Tgf, 1, f,f+2
             Tgf, 1+4, df+4,4
             Tgf, Ewgf
             Tgf, 1+4,2, f,f+2
             Tgf, 1+4,2, f,f,Ewgf


-Side and flip over Juggles-

ssr, Ewgf, b,f+2(flip),1,d+2, b,f+2,1,2, f,f,b+4 (ouch!!!)
     Ewgf, b,f+2(flip),1,2, f,f,b+4

ssl, Hellsweep, 1+4,2, b,f+2,1,2



The juggles that I've listed here are just for knowledge purpose, since 
in most cases you will rely on two or three juggles for each starter.
Remember also that you must choose your juggle not only for the damage, 
but even for the Okizeme chances that they will leave you; juggle that 
deals 5 or 6 more points of damage but that gives you little chances to 
apply your Okizeme strategies should be used only when those 5 or 6 
points could make you win the round.
I will list some of the juggles I use more often, but I suggest to make 
some experiments to find which are the juggles that suit better your 
fighting strategies; here are my fav juggles:

Ewgf(or WS+2), b,f+2,1,2, f,f+2:
This juggles deals a very good amount of damage and after the last hit 
you will have the time and space to Dash or Crouch Dash (and Wave Dash) 
tw your opponent.

Ewgf(or WS+2), b,f+2,1,2, f,f,1+4:
The damage is not as high as the previous juggles, but is good; the 1+4  
recovers very fast after having connected so, even if you are very close 
to your opponent you have the time to apply your Okizeme techniques; if 
you need those pare points to win the round you may even decide to end 
the white heron with the 2,d+4 variation.
This juggle is very good even for set up purposes; since the 1+4 
connects very low, after you perform this juggle a couple of times, your 
opponent will try to techroll before the 1+4 and after the f,f; in this 
case you can do the f,f and instead of performing the 1+4 you can try to 
catch your opponent after his techroll with a guaranteed Ewgf~5.

Ewgf(or WS+2), b,f+2,1,2, Ewgf:
Again good damage (but the timing is a bit tricky), and the final Ewgf 
gives you the chance to Tag out and perform a slide, a running kick or a 
dive with your tag partner (not guaranteed); if your partner is a 
Mishima you may tag in with a CD_WD.

Ewgf, f,f,Ewgf, b,f+2,1,2:
Ok I don't use this one too often since it is very difficult to connect 
with it consistently, but I like it too much not to mention.
One of the most damaging juggles in Jin's arsenal.

Hell Sweep, 1+4,2, f,f+2:
The most useful juggle from the Hell Sweep; the final f,f+2 gives you 
space and time to perform your Okizeme techniques.


Hell Sweep, 1+4,2, Ewgf:
Again you may decide to Tag out and perform an attack with your tag 
partner(if timed right the tag slide is guaranteed).



---------------------------------------------------------------------


***OKIZEME***

The word okizeme is used to represent all those "infamous" techniques 
that Tekken players use to inflict damage against a downed or getting up 
opponent; if one doesn't know how to get up, Okizeme can inflict more 
damage then any juggle or unblockable moves; is for this reason that I 
consider knowing how to get up properly a basic skill, and more than 
often, these techniques can be used to recognize a good Tekken player 
from a just average one. 
A well planned Okizeme can become a dangerous guessing game even for 
those players who know how to get up, and if used properly it can give 
you those spare points of damage which will allow you to win the match. 
Jin possesses some well suited moves for okizeme tactics, but before I 
go further I have to explain a basic concept about Okizeme: Okizeme 
starts with the move with which you knock down your opponent; I will try 
to explain what I mean. 
The most important thing about it is that you should exactly know how 
your opponent will land when you knock him down: will he land face up or 
will he land face down? And feet towards you or head towards you? This 
kind of knowledge can give you the advantage for the following guessing 
game; and getting up is THE guessing game in TTT (like in T3).


**Ground Positions**

Before analizing the moves you can perform during Okizeme, we must 
consider the possible ground positions and all the possible options your 
opponent have to get up:

Possible ground positions:

Play dead(PLD)  : face up, head towards you
Slide(SLD)      : face down, head towards you
Face down(FCD)  : face down, feet towards you
Knock down(KND) : face up, feet towards you


Possible getting up options:

-Tech-roll: your opponent can get up as soon as he hits the ground  
simply pressing the punches(roll TW the stage) or the kicks(roll TW the 
screen).
Remember that in TTT your opponent can techroll even when he is falling 
with his face tw the ground.
In TTT your opponent can even techroll with the Tag button, which will 
make him Tag out as soon as he hits the ground.

-Roll(Fw or Bw): after having landed, your opponent may choose to roll 
towards you or backwards (pressing -f- or -b-); during the first part of 
the roll animation he is vulnerable to mid and low attacks and even to 
some high one. 
After the roll he may attack you with a low or mid kick (3 or 4 after 
the roll) which will came out with different speed depending to the 
starting ground position; remember that after the roll he can even 
attack you with a dive.

-Rise: your opponent can rise from the ground and block both high or low 
simply pressing up(or db if he wants to stand blocking low) on the 
stick/pad. 
Pressing the -2- button will make hi rise more quickly.
During the first few frames of the rising animation he is vulnerable to 
low connecting attacks, so if you hit him during these frames he will 
not be able to block.

-Ground Roll: your opponent can decide to roll on both sides and change 
ground position (from face up to face down) or he can roll and rise; in 
the first case he will be able to rise, roll or attack, in the second 
case he can only block or attack; while rolling on the side he is 
vulnerable to some attacks that could not hit him if he just lays on the 
ground.

-Attack: your opponent can attack you with a mid or low kick almost from 
every ground position, but these attacks will came out with different 
speed, depending from the starting ground position.

-Lightning kick: if your opponent is laying on the ground in KND 
position he can even perform a low kick, which has good speed but 
suffers a long recovery time; Hei, Bryan, Ogre, True Ogre, Kuma and the 
Jacks can't perform this kick.

-Lay on the ground: obviously your opponent may choose to lay on the 
ground, which in most case can be the safest option: you can hit him 
with a ground hit, but in most cases this hit will push him far enough 
to let him get up safely.
 
-Tag out: your opponent can even tag out of the screen while he is on 
the ground; while rolling out of the screen he is vulnerable to some low 
, smid and mid attacks.

-Backflip Kick: this is a new kind of kick that your opponent can 
perform as soon as he hits the ground simply by pressing -f-.
Since this is a mid kick, it is subject to all the rules of the rising 
kicks; you can Ch it, reverse it, and hit your opponent if he whiffs; 
however if this kick is blocked your opponent is safe.


**Okizeme options**

Ok, we have analized the possible options, so now we can go straight to 
Jin's okizeme moves; the MAIN weapon in your okizeme strats is the 
Soccer Kick.
As I wrote in the moves section, this should be(sad but true) the attack 
of your choice every time that your opponent is on the ground.
Other useful attacks are: the Hell Sweep, the White Heron, the Rising 
and Right Axe kicks and obviously the basic low-smid attacks, the Right 
low kick and the Left low jab.
If you have trained hard enough you can even start your Wave Dash (or 
Dash-Crouch Dash) strategies while your opponent is on the ground: hit 
him with a Hell Sweep or a Soccer Kick if he lays on the ground, 
interrupt with the Ewgf his rising attack if he tries one(or block it 
and punish the recovery time), start your guessing game if he just rises 
and blocks (Rising Upper, Demon's Paw, Throws and Hell Sweep).
These are general strategies that can give you a picture of how 
devastating your Okizeme can be; now I will analize briefly the various 
ground positions with your Okizeme options:


-Opponent in PLD position:
Your opponent will end in this position after the Twisting Wrist Toss 
(d,db,b+1+3) and after the right Side Throw. 
As I wrote in the Throws section, you could give serious trouble to your 
opponent even just with the Soccer Kick: if he stays on the ground you 
can move fw and Soccer Kick him; if he Ground-Rolls you don't have to 
move and you have to perform the Soccer Kick immediately.
When your opponent is in a PLD position every hit that he takes during 
the rising animation will make him recover with his back TW you; this 
can give you a very important advantage , 'cause he can't block. 
Even if you hit him with a fast attack while he is performing an attack 
from the PLD position, you will be able to interrupt the 
attack and make him recover BK. 
In these case , the most useful interrupter is the low jab, 'cause if 
you connect you can juggle with a WS+2 (Rising Upper); the good thing 
about the low jab is that it is so fast that you will have better 
chances to hit your opponent(you can perform it twice).
A good way to fool your opponent when he is in this position(especially 
after a HellSweep) is to perform a ws+4(CD) that will whiff in order to 
make your opponent move, and immediatley perform a d+1, ws+2; if your 
opponent reacts after the whiff he will be hit by the d+1 and he will 
recover backturned, so the ws+2 will be guaranteed(thanks ThunderFist 
for having reminded me this one).   
If he decides to roll Bw you can pursue him with a Fw -Wave,Crouch-Dash 
and start your guessing game; if you think he is going to attack after 
the roll, you can even run after him then sidestep on the left: both the 
low kick or the mid one can be sidestepped in this way if he tries to 
perform them after a roll from the PLD position. 
If you understand your opponent's intentions in time you can even Dash 
fw and perform a Soccer Kick; if you connect with it while he is rolling 
the kick will juggle him (very low but you can connect after the Soccer 
Kick with a 1+4,df+4,4). 
Others attack can connect while he is rolling, like the Demon's Paw or 
the Right Axe Kick, but the Soccer Kick is the more damaging option.
Note that Lei can perform another attack when in PLD position, 
his 3+4: be careful and try to anticipate it with a White Heron or 
sidestep it on the right. 


-Opponent in SLD position:
Your opponent will end in the SLD position after the standard right 
throw(Flip Toss); from here you should guess what your opponent is going 
to do: if he rises, you can juggle him with a White Heron or hit him 
with a Right Axe Kick in the first part of the rising animation.
If he rolls back you can dash after him and immediately do a White 
Heron, which, if timed correctly, will hit your opponent during the 
first part of the roll animation.
If you don't want to guess whether you opponent is going to roll or 
not(or you think that he is going to block after the roll), you can wait 
until he starts the roll and then perform a Running Side Kick (f,f,f+3 
or f,N,d,df,f,uf+3); you will be able to take advantage of the guard 
stun and hit him with well timed Demon's Paw.
If you think that your opponent is going to attack after the roll, try 
to anticipate him with a Demon's Paw.
If your opponent simply attacks you with a mid or low kick, the best 
option is to sidestep on the right and crouch: in this way you will 
effectively sidestep a possible mid kick and block the low one(which can 
not be sidestepped at all), and in both cases juggle with a 
Rising Upper. 
A low kick will interrupt both the rising animation and the attacking 
one, but it will deal poor damage.

-Opponent in FCD position:
Jin doesn't have many moves that will make your opponent end in this 
position, but since his reversal has one animation that will do it, I 
will analize even this ground position.
The most important thing about this position is that in most cases, if 
your opponent lays on the ground a Hell Sweep will completely MISS; be 
careful to the standard low sweep (FCD,3), be ready to block and kill 
your opponent or attack and interrupt with a Soccer Kick.
If your opponent rolls back you will hardly hit him during the roll 
animation, so I suggest you to run after him and perform a Running Side 
Kick; or you may decide to start a WD and follow him.


-Opponent in KND position:
This is the most common ground position and your opponent will land in 
this way after every juggle.
The distance between you and your opponent may vary according to the 
juggle you performed, so be sure you know it exactly when you juggle 
him.
If he lays on the ground you may hit him with the Soccer Kick, but in 
order to do this you must make a step fw so that Jin's feet will touch 
your opponent's feet, or it will whiff.
Another good choice is to ss around your opponent to reach a more useful 
position; in this case if your opponent tries to interrupt your movement 
with a rising attack you should be ready to block it (if your were not 
able to ss his attack with your movement) and punish him during his 
recovery.
If you are a bit distant from your opponent I suggest you to CD tw him 
and apply your WD strategies; if he starts to react and tries to 
interrupt your WD, you may fake a CD and make him whiff or simply 
anticipate him with an Ewgf.
If he starts to roll bw follow him and hit him during the roll.


-Techrolling opponent:
Tech-roll can be useful to avoid ground hits and is necessary if you 
want to avoid some juggles; the bad part of the tech roll is that your 
character recovers crouching and during some frames of the 
animation(32 frames in total), he is vulnerable to low(between 20-21 
frames) and mid(between 21-32 frames) attacks.
So whenever your opponent tech-rolls, you should try to hit him during 
those frames, and since he can't block mid for a long period (compared 
to the other one), you should focus on fast mid attacks; the Right Axe 
Kick is very good at this task, even though a well
timed Demon's Paw can do more damage.
The ultimate punishment for a techrolling opponent is a tagged Ewgf;  
however the timing is hard to learn since you must aligne Jin with the 
opponent after his techroll(you have a very small window of frames to do 
that).
Hitting your opponent every time he tech-rolls is a good way force him 
to stay on the ground, which is exactly what you need to start your 
okizeme tactics.  
A new feature of TTT is the bw techroll: by pressing b as soon as you 
hit the ground(like the techroll) your char will roll bw; in this case 
the recovery is really long, so if you guess that your opponent is going 
to rise in this way you can add more guaranteed damage.  

-Tagging out opponent:
Some times your opponent will try to avoid your okizeme tactics simply 
by tagging out of the screen; this will happen when he has little energy 
left or simply because he wants to fool you.
If you think that your opponent will tag out you have two options: time 
your attack so that it will hit the Tagging OUT opponent or simply time 
you attack so that it will hit the Tagging IN one.
Low attacks seem to gain some range against a tagging out opponent, so 
in this case a well timed HellSweep will do the job.

-------------------------------------------------------------------



****STRATEGY**** 

In this section I will try to cover the most important aspects of the 
game: the Set Up game and the Psychological Domination.


**General Advices**

Ok, we have reached the point that will make you win or lose a match: 
the strategy.
You can't argue about a move property, but you can talk ages about 
strategy; I really can't tech someone which strategy he has to use, 
since I'm not so presumptuous.
The only thing I can do is to give you some advices.
First of all you should learn well to fight at any distance, from long 
to short range since your opponent may be able to put you in a position 
that is not exactly the one you prefer (for example a Julia player will 
hardly let you stay out of jab range).
Second, you should learn which is the distance you want to keep during 
the match and how to stay at that distance; to my opinion Jin is 
stronger at mid range and I suggest you to keep this kind of distance 
for a good part of the match.
Why? Simply because Jin has a really good fw movement, and because like 
all the Mishimas he can punish heavily every whiff. 
Staying at mid distance will give you the chance to make your opponent 
whiff and to punish him.
Another general advice that I can give you may sound obvious: learn the 
recovery times of every move in the game (well maybe not all the moves) 
and learn when you can attack and when you can't.
This is the only way I know to maximize the damage you can inflict and 
to deal against your opponent' Set Up strategies.



**Set Up Game**

The most important aspect of the game to my opinion is the Set up game.
In general the concept of Set Up game is that you perform an action that 
gives you a reasonable chance to connect with an attack after it.
This doesn't means that you have to consider Set Up moves only those 
moves that give you an advantage; moves that give you a disadvantage 
(obviously I mean a small disadvantage) can be used successfully for set 
up purposes; if your opponent knows that you have a disadvantage he will 
attack in most cases, and this is exactly what you want; a well planned 
back dash or ss will make him whiff and will give you the opportunity to 
punish him during the recovery. 
Furthermore I think that the concept of the Set Up should be applied not 
only to the moves, but more in general to movements; fakes are maybe the 
best Set Up that you can use with Jin and more in general with all the 
Mishimas.
Moves that give you huge frame of advantage are obvious choices, but 
there are other moves that have a more subtle Set Up use.
Obviously when you try to build a good Set Up strategies you need good 
guessing skills, since the Set Up is completely builded on guessing.
Your opponent will always have at least one option to counter your 
strat, but again you will have an option to prevent his counter move.
Since nothing is guaranteed you should build your Set Up strategies 
carefully.
I will divide the set up game into two parts: the Basic Set Up, the 
Advanced Set Up.


*Basic Set Up*

In this section I will give you a picture of the most common Set Up 
moves and SOME of the options you have after them:

-Basic left jab (1): this is Jin's basic jab, and it is one of the most 
useful Set Up for his close range game; when your opponent blocks it you 
will have +3 frames of advantage, which means that your opponent won't 
be able to interrupt you with his standing jab (Julia anyone?) if you 
jab again.
After it, if your opponent blocked you can:

a) perform 1,1(2), or to anticipate a jab attempt; if your opponent 
blocks the second string you still have 1 frame of advantage.
If you think that he may ss the 1,2,4 string can be your choice. 

b) perform a mid move to catch your opponent if he decides to duck (to 
avoid your second jab string); in this case you can use the first punch 
of the Twin Lancers which is fast and gives you a big whenever it 
connects (+9 frames), or the first part of the Right Axe Kick (if you 
hit you can go with the second part of the kick, if he blocks you  can 
simply backdash to gain space).
A Stun Punch Combo or a Soccer Kick can be useful if you think that your 
opponent is going to duck and attack back with a Ws move. 
 
c) perform a Ewgf if you think that your opponent is going to attack you 
with an attack slower than a jab.

d) perform a throw (I suggest you to buffer it out of a CD) if you think 
that your opponent is going to stand and block.    

e) move out of jab range (with a ss or b,b) and Ewgf if you think that 
he will try to fight back; in this way you will punish him heavily. 

If the left jab connected than you have a really huge advantage (+9 
frames); in this case you may:

a) perform an Ewgf(tag) to prevent your opponent ss (with such a big 
disadvantage his ss attempt will inevitably fail) and interrupt any kind 
of attack. 

b) start your mid-low(throw) guessing game. 



-Flash Punches(1,1): this string useful for Set Up purposes at close 
range to gain advantage.
If your opponent blocks than you have +1 frame of advantage so you may:

a) continue your jab game with a 1,1,2, or 1,2,4 to interrupt a jab 
attempt, only if your opponent has a 10 frames jab; even in this case 
the Mid Upper(df+2) of most chars can interrupt a second jab string, so 
be careful.

b) if your opponent has a 8 frames jab (Julia is the best example) you 
can use the 1,1 to fool him and make him attack; in this case you  
should perform the 1,1 and immediately b,b(and more if you need) to make 
him whiff and punish him immediately after.
This works obviously even against the above mentioned df+2 interrupter.

c) start your usual mid-low-throw guessing game if you think that he 
will block.

If you connect with the 1,1 you should end the string and go for 
okizeme; however be careful since there are some cases (mainly when you 
ss on the left before attacking) in which the third punch won't hit your 
opponent (or he will be able to block).
In this case since you have the same advantage you have after the left 
jab you can continue your game from there.


-One Two Punches(1,2):
Basically after this move when it connects you have the same advantage 
you have when you connect with a single left jab, so your options are 
more or less the same; remember that this string tracks an opponent who 
tries to ss on your right, so don't underestimate it's usefulness.
When the move is blocked you have 5 frames of disadvantage; in terms of 
frames it means that you must stop your attack, but you can use this 
knowledge to your advantage to provoke your opponent's attack.
Again a back dash can make them whiff so that you can punish them during 
the recovery (you may even duck if you think that they are going to jab 
you back).


-One Two Knee(1,2,4):
Since it is a variation of the 1,2, even this string tracks on your 
right, and the tracking properties of the knee simply increase your 
chances to hit a ss opponent.
Both when it connects or it is blocked, this string pushed your opponent 
far a bit , so in both cases you must plan your follow up.
If it connects you have +4 frames but due to the distance you may whiff 
if you follow up with a Jab; you can

a) I use often a df+4 to prevent my opponent SS and to keep the 
advantage(if he blocks it you can just backdash out of range); a df+4 
will suit even as an interrupter.  

b) if you think that your opponent is going to block a fast Demon's Paw 
or a (crouch)dashed throw will be enough for your guessing game; in this 
way you will even be able to follow your opponent if he SS and blocks.


-Knee Kick(f+4): same as above


-Shoot the Works(1,2,3):
If you are sure that your opponent will block your jab string and if he 
has a 10-frames-jab char you may decide to use the 1,2,3 to exploit the 
+10 frames advantage of the guard stun.


-Twin Lancers(df+1,2):
The first punch of this string is the best mid move that Jin has for Set 
Up purposes: huge advantage when it connects (+9 frames), minimum 
disadvantage when it is blocked; in the first case you have the same 
options that you have when you connect with the left jab(see above), in 
the second case you may:

a) perform a jab string to interrupt a slow counterattack (moves slower 
than 13 frames); this options is risky since your opponent may perform a 
quick jab string or an attack that goes under you jabs, but in some 
cases you may choose to do it to fool him.

b) back dash(or ss) to make him whiff and punish him during the 
recovery.

If you decide to use even the second punch of the Twin Lancers remember 
that when it connects your opponent will be kneel stunned and you have a 
good advantage; if he blocks dash out of range.


-Ewgf: Yes, you may use the Ewgf even for setup purposes; when your 
opponent blocks it you will guard stun and gaining +4 frames of 
advantage and even push him back out of jab range.
In general your opponent will block after this move; usually I prefer to 
dash in and attack with a dashed Ewgf to stop a possible counterattack 
or continue with my guessing game (f,f+throw, f,f+2, dashed HellSweep).
The dash can be useful even if you think that your opponent will try to 
ss; in this case delaying the second f input of the dash you will track 
him a bit.
You may even decide to cover the distance with a CD or WD, mixing fakes 
with attacks to confuse him.  


-Right Mid Kick(df+4):I'm in general cautious and never use this move 
alone; its recovery when you whiff can be deadly (for you) so I use this 
kick only in particular situations, when I have to keep the advantage 
and interrupt an attack, or when I simply want to keep a certain 
distance between me and my opponent.
If you connect you have +2 frames of advantage, so you can keep the 
initiative; if your opponent blocks you will have -9 frames of 
disadvantage which means that your opponent will almost surely try 
something; however since you are at mid distance you may have reasonable 
chances to back dash out of range or even ss.


-Rising Mid Kick(ws+4):even if the animation of the kick is the same of 
the one above mentioned, the properties are really different; the +8 
frames you gain when this kick connects give you loads of setup options, 
so go for this version of the kick whenever you can.
When blocked this kick gives you only -3 frames of disadvantage, which 
means that you have all the time you want to dash out of range, ss or 
even try a fast interrupter; the last options can become more effective 
if you mix the two kicks (df+4 and ws+4) to fool your opponent. 


-Mid Upper: another good setup move; the options you have are the same 
of the first punch of the Twin Lancers.
Remember that when you connect with a df+2 not on ch your opponent won't 
be able to ss an Ewgf if you perform it immediately after the Upper.
Sometimes (rarely) I whiff with this move on purpose when my opponent is 
going back (and when I'm at mid-long distance) to provoke his attack; 
another df+2(immediately after the first) sometimes catches my opponent 
in CH (remember that at the right distance it goes under high jabs), or 
a backdash will make him whiff.


-Crouching Jab (d+1): this good interrupter has some really good setup 
properties since it gives you +9 frames of advantage when it connects; 
after it a Rising Upper cannot be interrupted or even SS.
Obviously your opponent may decide to backdash (and block), in this case 
I use to pursue them with a dash, and perform after it a throw or a 
Demon's Paw.
If the jab is blocked you must be careful since you have -2 frames of 
disadvantage, and every ws attack that you may try can be anticipated.
In most cases, when this happens, your opponent will try a quick jab 
string or a standing 4; if you think that he will do such a move than   
simply keep ducking and interrupt or punish with a WS move.
You may even decide to backdash but since the distance at which you 
usually will perform the d+1 is really close this options won't give you 
that much room.
Remember that you can ss(u) out of a crouch dash.


-Stun Punches Combo: the Stun Punches Combo is an unusual Set Up move, 
but I use it often in this way; the basis of the setup options that you 
have are bound to the fact that your opponent in most cases will ss-
right before the last punch(after having blocked the first two) in order 
to punish you.
This means that, if you stop at the second punch, with the ss your 
opponent will lose some of the advantage he gains after having blocked 
the two punches(-3) so you can build a good guessing game after it:
If you think that your opponent is going to do a full ss you can try to 
catch him with an Ewgf that tracks a bit on that direction.
The choice of your opponent to avoid this is to perform immediately  a 
jab attack or another quick move like a standing 4; in this case a quick 
jab string (1,1,2 or 1,2,4) may interrupt their attack since your 
opponent lost his +3 frames advantage with the ss.
Another option you have is to ss after your opponent ss; in many 
situations this can make your opponent attack whiff completely, giving 
you the chance to punish him.
In order to prevent you doing this, your opponent will do a very small 
ss and attack immediately after; in this case your ss will interrupted 
but you still have the option to counter him with a jab string.
Obviously after you connect with this strategy a couple of times, your 
opponent will decide to duck your jab string or he may even decide to 
try to counter you immediately without the ss; in the first case you can 
simply perform a fast mid move like df+1 to keep the advantage, in the 
second case, if you guess that your opponent will do such a hazardous 
manoeuvre you should go on with the third punch of the Stun Punches 
Combo and hit him (in this case the d+2 version will juggle him).
Remember that in all the above mentioned cases you always have the 
option to backdash out of range and punish and eventual whiff. 



*Advanced Set Up* 

As I mentioned before I consider really useful for Set Up purposes not 
only moves but even movements; this kind of Set Up is obviously far more 
difficult that the normal Set Up game, so you must train a lot before 
you can use it effectively.


-Crouch Dash and Wave Dash fakes: the CD fakes are your first tool in 
this kind of set up game; the main purposes of a faked CD are two:
1) Make your opponent react and whiff
2) Make your opponent block to give you a very little advantage for your 
following move
In both cases you must be very careful and obviously ready to catch the 
chance your opponent will give you. 
I will make two examples(maybe an obvious one) to make a bit more clear 
what I mean:

1) Jin vs Jin match: after having performed a couple of Ewgfs or CD 
attacks you fake a CD (f,n,d,df,b,b); your opponent after having blocked 
your former attacks decides to interrupt and counter your next move so 
as soon as he realizes that you are going to attack he tries an Ewgf (or 
another interrupter).
Your backdash makes him whiff so you can immediately punish him with an 
Ewgf. 

2) same match: after having being punished by your Ewgf your opponent 
will become a bit more cautious.
You fake again the CD, and now your opponent awaits for you to backdash 
and Ewgf again so he blocks or backdashes; instead you dash in and throw 
(or poke him to gain advantage).

Obviously you would have many other choices but these examples may give 
you an idea on how to use your fakes.
The Wave Dash fakes are an advanced version of the CD fakes, a bit more 
difficult to use but far more spectacular.


-Spacing and SS: this kind of Set Up movements are a bit more difficult 
to use since you must know well how to ss your opponent's attacks, but 
since in TTT the ss is far more effective than in T3, you will have good 
chances to succeed in your Set Up game.
Basically you should space and ss in order to make force your opponent 
to perform a particular kind of move that you are ready to counter or 
even ss; this kind of strategy obviously imply a huge knowledge of the 
game and ss both for you and your opponent.
You really should train a lot before you can apply these concepts to 
your gamestyle effectively, so don't give up if your first attempts will 
fail.
I will make an example to make more clear what I mean:

Jin vs Jin match: you start to perform a ss-backdash on the left in 
order to keep your opponent at mid-long distance; your opponent knows 
that he needs a mid distance attack that can't be sidestepped easily on 
that direction: his choice is Jin's Demon's Paw (remember, this is just 
and example) which suits for the purpose.
He prepares for your next ss and performs his attack; being ready for 
such a move (this is exactly what you have planned) you can ss on the 
right dodging easily the f,f+2 and punishing the whiff or, if you feel 
more courageous, you may even Ewgf him in the face.

As I wrote, this is just and example and obviously the opponent could 
have chosen other options, so a big dose of guessing ability is required 
when you decide to perform this strategy.
However whenever you succeed in fooling your opponent he will be more 
and more insecure about his own weapons, which is exactly what you need 
to gain the edge and dictate the match.


*Putting all together*

Now that we have a picture of some examples of set up options, the next 
step is to put all this stuff together; as you may have noticed some set 
up moves have for follow-ups other set up moves.
This means that you can build a complex wire of options that will make 
your opponent life hard.
I won't make any example here since it would be a waste of space, the 
only advice I want to give you is to keep your attack flexible, and 
never try to build some sort of Custom Strings.
You must always keep an eye on your opponent reactions since this is the 
purpose of you set up game: guess his reaction and kill him.
Do not keep going with your string of attacks blindly since even a 
blocked low jab can put you in big troubles.



**Psychological Domination**

As for every fighting game, and more in general for competition, the 
psychological aspect is one of the most important.
Gaining the edge in this field can give you a really big advantage on 
your opponent; I've seen so many times players with amazing technical 
skills lose against an opponent who was not as strong him in that field 
but more solid in the psychological one.
In particular during tourneys, when one is heavily under pressure (the 
crowd, the prize..) the difference between strong psychological players 
and less solid ones is more evident.  
The first goal you have to reach is to NEVER, and I mean NEVER, lose 
your self-control; TTT gives you so many chances to come back in the 
game (more than T3) that you really should never give up.
A juggle missed mysteriously?
The third punch of The Flash Punches whiffed even if the first two 
connected(and you are going to eat some massive damage)?   
Your usual ground attack doesn't hit your opponent as always?
These are just an example of the things that may happen in TTT (and TTT 
has loads of "strange stuff"), so you must accept it and go on with the 
match; starting to complain won't be of any use, and more, it will 
distract you from what's happening on the screen.
After you have reached this self-control, you can focus on the other 
important aspect of the psychological field: how to make your opponent 
lose HIS self-control.
I won't mention those methods that do not concern the gameplay (such as 
trash talking and other shit like that), but there are some things that 
in general can put your opponent under a heavy pressure: hitting him 
during all his long recovery times, ducking under a throw attempt and 
throw him a lot, staying out of range or sidestepping his best attacks, 
blocking consistently his low-mid pokes, can stress him a lot; maybe he 
will attack sconsiderately with his most powerful moves(which is good) 
or better he may stop to attack, too frightened to retaliate, giving you 
the opportunity to dictate the game.


---------------------------------------------------------------------


****THE SIDESTEP****

This was the new feature that I liked most in T3; the chance to avoid 
some attacks stepping in the correct direction ,being able to punish my 
opponent immediately after, sounded a really nice addiction to the usual 
2D gameplay.
In T3 the sidestep followed some "severe" rules for which in most cases 
it was impossible to SS an attack on the wrong direction; this was the 
reason why you could build both a very good sidestep and anti sidestep 
game.
The sidestep was an art that you could practice effectively only if you 
knew the game in depth. 
In T3 some chars had a very strong SS, others, like Paul(a monster in 
the 2D game), were somehow limited in this field.
Maybe someone at Namco decided that this was unfair, so in TTT they  
made some changes, improving the SS of every character.
BUT as often happens, when you try change something that works, you may 
do a BIG mistake; this is what happened, to my opinion, in TTT.
T3 was a game where lucky sidesteps were definitely limited; what do we 
have now?
A game in which in lots of cases you can sidestep an attack even on the 
wrong direction, a game in which the anti-SS strategy is very limited, a 
game in which in general the sidestep is TOO STRONG.
It may sound weird to hear me, one of the most obstinate SS 
theoretician-supporter, say such a thing, but believe me, the SS is no 
more the sublime art that it was in T3.
I mean, every average-good player can now obtain very good results in 
this field with just applying some simple principles and a bit of luck.
It is still possible to limit the SS game of your opponent with some 
techniques, and still there are some moves that are a bit difficult to 
ss (Kazuya df+2 VERY difficult, for example), but in comparison to TTT, 
you will have to work much harder.
The main problem is that since every char now moves faster and has a 
better ss, it happens too often that the attacks that in T3 were 
launched while the two char were(mostly) on the same axis, in TTT are 
launched when the two chars are on different axis; this sometimes causes 
strange collisions and inexplicable whiffs. 
However, the ss is still subject to some rules, so I will try to analize 
it in any case.
A huge part of the following paragraph is the same of my previous guide 
(since the concepts are almost the same), with some little addictions.
A first and universal consideration should be made for what concerns the 
position at which you will end after a SS: as long as you aren't 
performing an "interrupted" SS, the nearer you are(to your opponent) at 
the moment that the SS takes place, the deeper your sidestep will 
be; another parameter that will influence the depth of your SS is the 
range of the attack you are going to sidestep: the longer the range, the 
deeper the SS(the SS of a very long-ranged attack such as Hei's f,f+2 
for example, will make you end behind your opponent).
The first way to sidestep is the most common one, that is when you 
sidestep anticipating your opponent's attack(you start the SS before 
your opponent starts his attack); this SS requires obviously some 
guessing skills, and should be performed from short-mid range, 
'cause at the long one your opponent's attack may track and hit even if 
the direction you choosed for the SS was correct.
This kind of SS can be dangerous, 'cause you must rely only on your 
guessing skills.
The second way to perform a SS is to do it as reaction; it is the most 
difficult way to sidestep an attack and some moves can't be sidestepped 
in this way; you need extremely good reflexes and still a bit of 
guessing skills.
As I told before, some moves have a natural direction on which you have 
to choose if you want to successfully sidestep; however there is a way 
to sidestep that may give you the opportunity to sidestep some attacks 
even on the wrong side. 
IN order to do this you have to perform the SS motion and at a point of 
its animation hold back (-b-) with the stick/pad.
In this way the sidestep will be less deep(you actually stop at that 
point), but you will move very slightly bw, so that your final position 
will be less by side but little more distant from you opponent.
With the powerful technology I have in my hands I will show you a visual 
example of the difference between a stopped SS and a normal one (please 
forgive me...):
  

  Starting position       After a "stopped" SS        After a normal SS    
      _     _                     _                          _
  P1 O_     _O P2            P1  O_                     P1  O_
                                     _                       _
                                     _O P2                   _O  P2
                                     
                           


I will make an example of a possible scenario in which a stopped SS 
could be useful:
-A Jin vs Jin match: P1 is going to perform a Demon's Paw(f,f+2); P2 can 
sidestep it easily on the right, but in the case that P1 makes a feint 
and performs a Hell Sweep he would be hit by the sweep(that must be 
sidestepped on the left); so P2 decides to sidestep on the left, which 
is not the natural direction to sidestep the Demon's Paw; in this case, 
if he holds back during the SS (and stops it) he will be able to 
sidestep even the Demon's Paw (or in the worse case block it) otherwise 
he will be hit.-

This concept is more difficult to explain than to do, so don't get 
scared by my complicated explanations (uhh..my english) and just try it 
in practice mode(with a friend if you have the jap TTT version).
As you may have understood this way to sidestep can be very useful when 
you face a character which has a lot of moves which must be sidestepped 
on one direction and just one or two (dangerous) which should be 
sidestepped on the other side.
Another thing that happens really often is that you will be able to SS 
on the wrong direction a mid ranged attack if you perform the SS when 
you are in extremely close range; in this way you could be able to SS 
every kind of attack(jab strings are little more difficult), but I 
think that I don't have to remind you that Jin is not the most effective 
char at this distance.
 
**Attacking after a SS**

Avoiding your opponent attack is just the first step, but if you want to 
kill them you have to learn which attacks you have to perform after a 
successful SS.
Jin has many good moves that suit this task: Flash Punches, Ewgf, Rising 
Upper, Tooth Fairy and the Throws.
Mainly the use of each move is dictated by two main factors: the 
recovery time of the move you have sidestepped and the distance-position 
after the sidestep.
Let's see briefly the main use for each move I mentioned:

Flash Punches Combo: the ultimate punishment for all those moves which 
have very short recovery times, the best attack after a short SS cause 
will almost always anticipate your opponent; furthermore you won't have 
the problem of inputting a direction command, so this attack is very 
useful when the camera angle gets crazy (and this happens a lot).

EWGF: very useful when it comes to juggle after a "Stopped" SS cause it 
is very quick and juggles even on CH; the only drawback of this move is 
that you have to train properly if you want to perform it whenever you 
need it. 

Rising Upper: you should use this upper whenever you end near to your 
opponent 'cause it lacks the range of the Tooth Fairy; remember to learn 
how to perform it quickly after a sidestep 'cause it is Jin's best 
juggle starter.

Tooth Fairy: you should use it whenever you perform a deep sidestep and 
end at mid distance from you opponent; be sure to perform it during a 
long recovery time and not in front of your opponent, 'cause if blocked, 
you will be hit for free; again, like the Flash Punches, no direction 
command required.

Throws: throws work well after every kind of sidestep as long as you end 
at short distance; otherwise you will waste a good opportunity to 
inflict some damage to your opponent.


Remember also that if you succeed in a deep SS on the left the 
b+2,4,2,1,2 string is guaranteed(the first two hits will bk turn your 
opponent so that the whole combo is guaranteed).


Just a little advice if it ever happens that you end behind your 
opponent's back at close range: a d+1 low jab allows you to connect with 
a WS+2 Rising Upper.



**Offensive Sidestep**

In general the SS is used to avoid an opponent attack, but remember that 
this is not it's only use; you may use the SS you re-align you after(or 
before if you guess right) your opponent has sidestepped(and even re-
sidestep him with what I call a counter-SS); or you may use it to get in 
close from a different angle(sometimes even to fool him with the camera 
angle), to give your opponent more problems. 
More in general try to use the SS for what it is: a form of spacing.
For other tips about the SS use be sure to read the Movement and 
Unconventional Moves section.



**A final word**

Since the SS if far more easy and effective in TTT, I have decided not 
to write a section on the way to SS each character like I did in my 
previous guide; if you think that you really need it, well e-mail me and 
I will try to update this guide.

---------------------------------------------------------------------


****THE TAG****

The most important feature of TTT is obviously the Tag; you can be the 
strongest player in the world with Jin, but if you don't learn how to 
master this aspect of the game you will never win a match against a good 
opponent.
In this section I will try to analize the most important aspects of the 
Tag.


**Tagging out**

Tagging out safely is the first aspect of the tag that you have to 
master, since if you don't tag out properly in most cases you will lose 
the round.
Most players (average) usually Tag out after they have sustained big 
damage and are near to die; this can save your life, but is inevitably 
the most predictable way to Tag.
Your opponent will be ready to catch you while you are going out, or in 
any case, to hit the character that comes in.
For this reason you should learn how to Tag when your opponent cannot 
attack you, and this happens only in three cases: when he is out of 
range, during one of his long recovery times or when he is on the 
ground. 
The first case is self explicative, for example if you are hit by a 
Deathfist you can immediately tag out as soon as you hit the ground with 
reasonable chances to go out safely; in the second case you can tag out 
when your opponent tried to hit you with an attack that has a long 
recovery time (such as Hei's f,f+2).
The third case is obviously the best(but even the most difficult), since 
it means that you have grounded your opponent.
Throws are well suited for this purpose, same goes for the Flash 
Punches.
However in general I prefer to Tag when I still have an advantage on my 
opponent, so that he can't have the chance to inflict me more damage; in 
general Tag juggles are the best way to tag when attacking, but this 
means that you will not exploit one of Jin's strengths, his damaging 
juggles; obviously if your tag partner is a damaging char such as Julia 
or Bruce you won't have many problems, but if your tag partner is King..
So if you wan to tag in while attacking without the tag juggles you 
should learn when you can do it without giving your opponent the chance 
to inflict you damage; again tagging when he is on the ground is the 
best option since you can Tag in and slide/cross-chop (or do the tag 
cancel, see the Tag in section).
You can tag after a juggle(choose the proper juggles, that will put you 
at the right distance, or better, choose a juggle that ends with a 
tagged Ewgf), after a throw, or after a fast attack like the Flash 
Punches.



**Tagging In**

Ok, by now you should have learnt how to tag out safely, so we can go to 
the other part of the Tag, how to Tag in properly.
A huge part of the effectiveness of your Tag in is obviously determined 
by the way(and the moment) you tag out.
Assuming that you should know how to end a Tag juggle with Jin (if you 
don't well you should train a little more..:)) I will analize the way to 
Tag in safely and effectively.
First of all you have to learn how to perform the Tag cancel: while you 
are tagging in, if you try to block in the normal way you will eat your 
opponent's attack, since is impossible to block for a long period.
However there is a way to cancel the Tag in and block: the command is 
ub,b,b.
I really suggest you to learn this one if you don't want to become your 
opponent favourite punching ball.
Another kind of tag cancel that you can do is to use a faked CD; while 
you are tagging in you may perform a CD to attack, but being it a normal 
CD you can interrupt it with a -b- input (f,N,d,df,b); the quicker you 
input the command the faster you will be able to block.
The good part of this kind of movement is that you can use all the CD 
tricks; you can Tag in and WD for example if your opponent is too far, 
or attack if he is close, or cancel the CD into a SS, and so on.
I use it almost always, since it is more versatile, and has all the 
properties of a CD (goes under high attacks and sometimes even buffers a 
low parry).
Remember that while you tag in you can perform almost every move(except 
the Ewgf and ws or full crouch moves), even a reversal or a low parry. 
Obviously you may even chose to perform one of the standard tag in 
attacks like the slide and the cross chop.


**Attacking a tagging in opponent**

Attacking an opponent that is tagging in can seem easy, but believe me 
that at a high level of play, if you are not careful, you may end having 
bug troubles.
The first thing that you must learn is to calculate with no mistakes the 
distance between you and your opponent(the one that will tag in); if you 
want to connect with your attack you must anticipate your move so that 
it will hit your opponent as soon as he enters the screen; if timed 
correctly this kind of attack can't be blocked with the cancel, and not 
even reversed or countered.
Remember that the timing for the tag in changes according to the 
position your opponent has when he tag out; if your opponent tags when 
he is on the ground the partner will tag in a bit later than normal, so 
be sure to learn such slight differences if you don't want to whiff with 
your attack.
Remember also that there are some chars that benefit of particular ways 
to tag in; I really suggest you to learn what they can do or you  will 
inevitably take some damage.
I will make some examples:

Ling: she is the bitch for what concerns the tag in; if she enters the 
Phoenix stance you will whiff with almost every attack, except the 
HellSweep and a well timed Tgf.
Even the Soccer Kick whiffs when she enters this stance, so be careful; 
if you are going to perform an HellSweep remember that she may decide to 
tag in with a low parry.
She may even enter the Raindance Stance, which will make you whiff with 
some mid-high attacks.

Yoshi: make yourself a favour and remind constantly that Yoshi can enter 
with his Flash Block b+1+4; if you try to attack him you may eat massive 
damage(ch+netsu+juggle).
Yoshi can even enter with a b+3+4, which will make you whiff with most 
of your attacks.

Lei: Lei can enter with his play dead stance, so be sure not to perform 
an attack that will whiff or you will be juggled; he may even  tag in 
and enter his BK stance or even immediately perform some HAHA steps.

Changs: not as dangerous as other chars, but don't forget that their 
1,1,1 is fast and can CH if you are too slow when you attack them.

Kazuya: Kaz can tag in safely just pressing f(mist step) as soon as he 
gets in.

P-Jack: he has a special tag in; he may decide not to enter the screen 
normally , but he will fall from the sky; not so dangerous, but remind 
this or you will be stomped(ouch..).


Remember also that every char that has a reversal or a parry may use it 
as soon as he enters the screen (Ewgf~5 will be the answer here).



**Tag Partners**

As I wrote in the introduction, Jin is probably the best all round char 
in TTT, so he is the perfect team-mate; I will give a brief look to the 
best tag partners for him.


Heiachi: This is my fav team; Tag juggles with these two chars are not 
too difficult (maybe when you have to end the juggle with Hei you must 
be more precise) and deal a really good amount of damage.
Heiachi has so many launchers that can be used for tagging purposes that 
coupled with Jin's power can make the difference during a match.
Remember also that you can use Devil Jin only when you have Heiachi in 
your team.

Kazuya-Devil: Even when coupled with the other two mishimas Jin can make 
the difference; the juggles of these two chars are not so powerful 
(unless on ch) but when Jin is in the team, a tagged Wgf can easily 
change the outcome of the match.
Devil has even the ss+2 launcher that can bring to really massive tag 
juggles.

Julia-Michelle: the Jin-Changs team is one of the strongest teams to my 
opinion; Changs' strength in the CH field, coupled with their ability in 
ending every tag juggle (the f,f+1 is the perfect move to connect after 
every launcher) makes the Changs perfect partners for Jin. 

Lei: Another good team; Lei can easily finish every tag juggle, and even 
if his tag launchers won't connect so often, every time it happens you 
will be able to deal massive damage.
Plus Lei has the 1+3 tag-able throw that can deal really big damage.

Yoshi: A really powerful team; the best Mishima with maybe the best anti 
Mishima.
Yoshi is really strong in TTT and he can finish easily (and dealing good 
damage) every tag juggle; but obviously the main strength of this team 
is Yoshi's df+2~5.
This move is really abusable, it hits MID, launches on every hit and 
juggle high enough to allow Jin end easily the tag juggle.

Hwoarang: well, not as strong as other teams, but worth mentioning for 
Howarang's CD+4 class1 launcher; furthermore Hwoarang can end juggles 
quite easily.

Law: Law is a good partner since he has some good tag-able launchers and 
since he can end tag juggle easily.

Bruce: Bruce can end tag juggles quite easily , dealing really good 
damage; his launchers won't exploit Jin's strength in ending juggles, 
but in any case the damage that you will inflict will be not so bad.
A solid team.

Ling: Another really strong team, Ling can end tag juggles dealing good 
damage, and has some good launchers.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


****THE END????****
Obviously not, being this a MISHIMA compendium I'm working on Heiachi's 
section and planning a Kazuya one; be patient please.....


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


****CREDITS****

Again this should be the longest section of the whole guide; there are 
so many people to which I must say "thank you" that to list them all is 
almost impossible, so please forgive me if I forgot someone.

My daily Tekken Mates, the Divine School of Hokuto: 7ronKo(my 
prodigy,HAHAHA), Simone, Yattajin, Wonderboy, Sandro, Jordy and 
Antonio(we are still waiting for your return), for being some of the 
most skilled players I've ever seen. 

The Chief: you are the man Dec, thanks for what you do constantly for 
the tekken community, and most important, thanks for being the person 
you are. 

ThunderFist: for having spent some of his time in reading-revising this 
faq, and for having reminded me so many things.... 

The Euro Guys: King the Second, Jorkie (GRRR, ROAR...we Kings understand 
each other), Claka, The Chef, Amraj, too many to mention, thanks for 
those great matches we played and for the ones we will.  

Ryan: for being a fucking robot (hehehe, jok...uh, not joking) and for 
giving me a good reason to keep training.

The NZ guys, Abrar and mirAge for the countless good chats about tekken.

The guys at the tekken forums(Zaibatsu, Euro, Salute): Yu_Mingfei, 
Shauno, Notti, KOFTekken, Icek, bluu, Rev C, too many to mention, again 
thanks.

Slikatel, for having opened my eyes on the world of Tekken, and 
Castel(www.tekkenzaibatsu.com) for keeping my eyes opened.


Tragic for having written the basics of the Tekken Knowledge.


Giorgia, my beloved girlfriend, for having not blasted me in all these 
years of Tekken play, thank you.

      
****DISCLAIMER****

This guide is ment to be freely distributed on the web without any 
change as long as it is for
personal use; if you want to take any part of this guide and use it in 
another context please 
e-mail me before (red_king74@hotmail.com).
This FAQ is (c) of Dario Natoli, Tekken is (c) Namco. 




End of the document......UNDER THE MASK HE IS RED
