Bryan: The Fists of Carrion - for Advanced and Beginners, v.5.01
- by Renick(renickironfist@hotmail.com)



To check if this FAQ is organised as it's supposed to be, please check
underneath if the points and numbers line up properly:



0123456789
..........



Disclaimer-

First of all, this guide is for personal use only. If you wanna use
this publically, you can only do that if the credit goes to me. No dirty 
tricks by stealing someone elses work. If you DO try and steal my work and 
use it for your own profit, you are bananis my friend, because I'll find 
out, and I will shut you down. This FAQ is written officially by me, Renick, 
and this whole text document is property of Renick (c). All quotes and 
idea's displayed in the "Ask the experts" section are property of E-MAN, 
Reverend C, Konqrr, Birch, BioXeed, Devil Lee and KOFTEKKEN, if someone 
tries to use these idea's for profit, money, recognision or to open their 
hanky panky of the usual frauding and plagiarism, it's illegal, and will be 
punished the severely, no matter in what circumstances or with what 
intentions. And for the legal blah-blah-blah, Bryan and all characters in 
Tekken Tag Tournament belong officially to Namco, All rights reserved 1999, 
2000.



===========
What's new?
===========

10/6/00:

- Added LOTS more Combo's
- Some adjustments on the FAQ layout that I still found dissatifying




17/4/00:
- Added More Combo’s
- Added WS execution section
- Updated Move lists section
- Made a punch parry correction
- Updated custom strings section
- Completely revamped VS character section, since the long essays really 
started to irritate me.
- Added the ‘STAIRS’ tactic in THE MIXING UP SECTION

22/2/00:
- Added some combo's by devil demunyu (lord_devildemunyu@hotmail.com)   , so 
credit goes out to him as well. I also added some of my own combo's as well, 
as well as a few minor layout modifications. That's all for now.




----------------------------------------------------------------------



-[TABLE OF CONTENTS]-


A - Introduction

B - Conventions

C - Move Analysis

D - Blocking and Hit-ranges

E - Okizeme

F - Sidestepping

G - Dashing and Swaying

H - Versus Character Strategy

I - Tagging and Tag Strats.

J - Poking

K - Combo's/Juggles

L - Custom Strings

M - Throwing and Counters

N - Buffering

O - Recovery

P - Countering

Q - Mixing Up

R - Instant WS execution

S - Ask the Experts

T - Conclusion

U - Sites

V - Credits

----------------------------------------------------------------------


A.  INTRODUCTION

Okay, the reason why I write this FAQ is simple. Bryan is, regardless of his 
weaknesses arguably  one of the stronger characters in the game. He has 
combo abilty, great poking, great speed, he has parries, great powermoves 
and great strings. Bryan has a great set of powermoves, he has the best WS 
attacks in the game, which set up high damage, meaning that he can be deadly 
from both standing and crouching positions. He has a good set of pokes, 
great mixups in his short attack strings, and great counterattack ability, 
where his Mach Punch is the center of attention. Bryan has the ability to 
deplete your life bar by half off one counter with his WS+3 knee, and his 
popular jugglestarters (ws+1, b+1 and uf+4) are all mid-level attacks. Many 
see him as an offense character, but that doesn't contradict his defensive 
abilities. His punchparry is a great new addition to his arsenal, and his 
sway back is great since it avoids high attacks and is taggable. But Bryan 
isn't without weaknesses. He still has very lacking low attacks, which means 
he cannot last long against turling Julia's and Laws because he isn't really 
balanced in hit ranges. He also has some moves that can be sidestepped 
pretty easy, leaving him vulnerable for a backthrow or juggle.

But Bryan has probably the meanest attacks in the game, his Chains of Misery 
is probably the best show off move you can imagine. He can be a formidable 
treat to any character, regardless how powerful. I hope this FAQ will inform 
you that Bryan is one of the most dangerous fighters in the game and can be 
played well enough to boost other characters in high level competition. 
There's a lot you cannot effort while playing a good Bryan.

So let's this FAQ started, if you have any questions, feedback or comments 
on my work, my e-mail is renickironfist@hotmail.com, your opinions mean a 
lot to me, so let me know if you have some wisdom you'd like to share. Have 
fun with the FAQ...!


----------------------------------------------------------------------


B.  CONVENTIONS


Joystick Layout (facing right) :
    UB   U  UF
      \  |  /         B  - backward
       \ | /          UB - up/backward
  B ---- +  ---- F    U  - upward
       / | \          UF - up/forward
      /  |  \         F  - forward
     DB  D  DF        DF - down/forward
                      D  - downward
                      DB - down/backward


Buttons:                       Layout:
1 - left punch                 [1] - [2] - [5]
2 - right punch  ----------->
3 - left kick                  [3] - [4]
4 - right kick
5 - tag button

Other terms:
CD     -  Crouch-dash(f,n,d,df)
RD     -  Rolldash (d,df,f)
WS     -  While rising
FC     -  Full chrouch position
CH     -  Counter hit
MC     -  Major Counter
SS     -  Sidestep
QCF    -  Quarter circle forward
QCB    -  Quarter circle backward
C.O.M  -  Chains of Misery
(E)WGF -  (Electric)Wind God Fist


Small letter   - Tap button command/joystick motion
Capital letter - Hold button command/ joystick motion

Con: +  - Occurs when button commands/joystick motions have to be
pressed simultaneously.

Con: ,  - Occurs when button commands/joystick motions have to be
pressed before/after each other.

Con: ~  - Occurs when button commands/joystick motions have to be
pressed fast before/after each other.

Con: N  - Neutral motion. There should be no joystick motion for about
1/2 a second.

Con: () - If a command is shown between this convention, it means it's
optional wether or not to pull it off.

Con: _  - Occurs when there are more options possible after a certain
attack/string.

Con: >  - Occurs when hits can be delayed.


----------------------------------------------------------------------


C.  MOVE ANALYSIS:


Bryan is not a stance character with tons of attacks, like Lei or Hwoarang. 
He's more of a character that relies on his damage and combo's, with basic 
attack patterns and poking. You can mixup your style fairly well with Bryan, 
since he can poke very well, and has nice powermoves and jugglestarters to 
minor counter the opponents recovery for example. He's got more than enough 
in his arsenal to keep the versatile gamer growing confortable while playing 
him. I'll give you a detailed discription of how to use Bryans moves, so it 
isn't a real movelist. If you are looking for movelists, Catlords awesome 
FAQ and Tekken Zaibatsu will provide you all you need.

Okay, on the with the move analysis.

==================
Throws and Parries
==================

2+4:
This is one of Bryans basic throws. It's pretty vital to make use of them, 
despite the single button escapes, since Bryan's throw arsenal isn't really 
impressive like Kings for example. A good use is to buffer this throw with a 
2 or df+2 (the blockstun allows you a throw attempt with less risk, but this 
is not a low risk option) After this throw your opponent ends up grounded 
with his head towards you, making this throw the least useful of the basic 
front throws. Remember that the FC+3 is guaranteed after this throw. 
Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


1+3:
The second basic throw is pretty useful, it can be buffered with a 1 or df+1 
very easily. Also the d+4 is guaranteed for more chipping damage once the 
1+3 throw has connected, since the opponent ends up right before your 
feetgiving you the chance for some up close okizeme. Pretty useful if you 
ask  me, despite the 1 button escape. Also a FC+3 kick is guaranteed after 
connecting the throw. And not to forget the df+3 afterwards will catch the 
opponent before they can tech into safety. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


FC,df,d,DF+1+2:
Mad Axes-my ass, THIS is the coolest and most show off throw in the friggin' 
game: The Chains of Misery. What Bryan will do is pound you three times with 
a very cool way, laughing maniacally. You have to be in FC position to pull 
this off successfully. You MUST try this throw once per match, it's too cool 
to leave out. It has damage, you can even rush in and do small okizeme 
afterwards. Besides it requires a two button escape (1+2), so you'll have a 
greater chance for impact. But remember not to be too addictive to it, the 
urge of pulling it off might get you into trouble. I'm not sure but the df+3 
after this throw connects everytime when they techroll, not exactly sure if 
it's actually guaranteed though. Use it every once or twice per round, if 
you connect, laugh loud....REAL loud. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10.


1+3/2+4 (left or right f/opponent)
Sidethrows are very useful after a successful sidestep(u,N_or_d,N). Both of 
Bryans sidethrows do great damage and look flashy. This is a great 
alternative to counter after you've sidestepped your opponents attack, and 
it's best to buffer them befor you go into your SS. But you have to be 
cautious, since it happens a lot that the opponent already recovered and 
ducks, escapes or backdashes your throw attempt. You could try a sidethrow 
if you successfully SS canceled after the b+2 doom knuckle starter, or after 
you teched a combo. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


1+3/2+4(~5) - (back f/opponent)
Bryans backthrow is very useful since you can tag off it, resulting INSANE 
damage. Back throwing should be used whenever the opponents back is 
vulnerable, in rare moments like ducking a Hwoarang f,f+4 or sidestepping 
aerial moves like Kings f,f+1+2. This throw can be teched if you don't tag 
it. Use whenever you know it's safe, meaning DON'T try to backthrow attempt 
backturned Lings and Lei's you'll most likely end up thrown or juggled. 
Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


B+1+2 - (when attacked by high/mid punch attack)~2:
Now this is the most awesome new addition Bryans arsenal could get. Use his 
punch reversal whenever possible, since it's non-escapable and pressing 2 
after reversing a punch attack will get you a GUARANTEED strike. Reversing a 
left punch will Bryan do an automatic f,f+2 and a right punch reversal will 
cause him to do an automatic df+2. This will make Bryan practically
invinsible against big characters like the Jacks, who rely mostly on punch
attacks. A must in Bryan's arsenal.
Use-O-meter: 10 outta 10


d+1+3/d+2+4 - (when attacked by low/special mid attack)
The lowparry is used to counter low and special midattacks. Depending on 
what limb you reverse, you get a certain amount of frames advantage giving 
you the chance to attack the opponent. There are no guaranteed followups 
after the parry except for uf+4 maybe which gets you a juggle after a 
parried right kick. Use the lowparry whenever you get the chance, it's 50% 
execution, 50% timing. Use-O-meter: 10 outta 10.

====
Arts
====

1/2/d+1:
These are the basic jabs, which are one of the vital tools Bryan has. They 
can be used for everything, setting up, interrupting, custom stringing, 
buffering, juggles (as extensions). Despite that Bryans jabs are slow in 
comparision to Law's and Yoshi's jabs these are your pecks of choice, since 
poking is essential in the allround Tekken game, you cannot survive against 
a skilled player without a good poking game, unless you want to be a falling 
leaf/deathfist cheeser. Use-O-meter: 10 outta 10


Standing 4:
Bryans regular 4 is awesome for a couple of reasons. First it's range is 
amazing, it reaches about 1 and a half character distance, making it very 
useful for keep away tactics to gain some spacing. Even better is, it knocks 
down  on CH, you can easily do some okizeme or tech-combo (if they techroll) 
off it. This a great distancing poke for keep away tactics, since it knocks 
the opponent slightly backward on non-CH to allow you to gain a little 
spacing. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


d+3:
Shin kick. This works very well as okizeme tool on opponents who constantly 
roll away from you. Especially on big characters, this can happen very 
often. It still has a slight start-up so it's not a real low risk move to do 
on a near opponent. But if it hits, it sets up pretty well actually. You can 
follow a df+2 without much risk after connecting the d+3, maybe even a throw 
attempt. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


FC+4:
Bryan does a low shin kick in FC position. Because of the blockstun caused 
on you when this move is blocked, this move isn't really a useful poke 
anymore. It hits grounded opponents, so as okizeme tool this can be 
qualified. If you knocked the opponent from a distance, you can simply 
rolldash (d,df,f) into range and press D to put you FC-position. If you need 
a fast move to eat damage from an immobilized opponent, this has more than 
enough in it to do the trick. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


d+4:
This is a very vital move in Bryans arsenal. It comes out fast, has range, 
hits grounded opponents and best of all: it hits LOW. Bryan lacks with low 
attacks, that's a known fact for everyone who is familiar with playing him, 
so this moves proves to be an excelllent poke. It sets up fairly well, great 
for chipping damage and has the speed to interrupt the opponents strings and 
powermoves. This also works excellent for custom strings. You can also use 
this without much risk as okizeme tool. Great poke all by all. Use-O-meter: 
10 outta 10


ws+4:
Many tend to forget the basic rising right kick that most TTT characters 
possess. It comes out very fast off the chrouch making it useful after 
punishing an advancing opponent, like during a FC,df,d,DF+1+2 attempt. You 
have to remember this is Bryans fastest WS move so this is your best bet to 
interrupt those who try to counter your crouch. Remember you can also pull 
this off a rolldash (QCF+4). Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


d+3+4:
Shin kick. This is the same animation as Lei's and Jin's d+3. This does more 
damage than the d+4, but doesn't hit grounded opponents and comes out 
slower, making this move fairly risky on close quarters. I don't see why you 
should use this move when the execution is harder and the alternatives have 
far more priority. However due to the 2 button command, this move can be 
awesome for canceling with your single button pokes. Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


b+4:
Knee. I think it's a shame they didn't but Bruce's knee in Bryans arsenal 
instead, since that has much more speed and priority. Bryans knee comes out 
sort of slow, making it a bad close quarter attack, which is the use of most 
knee attacks. You can use this in combo's however, but Bryan has much better 
options than this in juggle extensions and finishers. The only real 
advantage this move has is that it's non-reversable, but Ling can parry it 
tho. Use-O-meter: 6 outta 10


1,2:
The simple 1,2 combo is a reliable set-up for Bryan. If the 1 hits the 2 is 
ALWAYS guaranteed, and it sets up very well. You can buffer into a throw, 
can choose from mid or low string extensions, making it great for custom 
stringing and interrupts. The opponent will recover slower from the 2 once 
it counters, making it great to follow up another attack, a f,f+2, a df+2 , 
a standing 4, you name it. Together with df+2, this surrounds Bryan poking 
game, remember that. Use-O-meter: 10 outta 10


1,2,3:
Bryan does his punch combo, followed by a left shin kick. This can be very 
useful, since the first two punches hit high, to shin kick low, so many tend 
to eat the last hit. Mix this up with the 1,2,1,2_4 mixups well, since many 
anticipate to block the third hit standing (after blocking the first two 
hits) and eat the 3 setting you up for another fast poke like a 4 or df+2. 
Still, the 3 seems to come out pretty slow after the 1,2 punches are pulled, 
so the alert gamer can block/duck the first two hits and parry the third. 
Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


1,2,1,2:
This is very useful actually because once the first hit connects or is
blocked, the rest if the string is uncounterable except for the last hit, 
since the opponent either has to block the whole string or gets hit. If you 
are up against a turtling opponent, mix this string up with 1,2,1,4 to 
confuse the opponents with the low and mid enders. You can also fake the 
opponent out by doing the first three hits only, then do the 1,2,1,2 string 
again, since they might try to counter you and run right into another 
1,2,1,2 string. This string is very useful to minor counter the opponents 
recovery attacks up close, and keep them nailed by your offense. 
Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


1,2,1,4:
The first three hits of this string are the same as the previous named move, 
but it ends with a low hitting shin kick. This is a very useful move, you 
have some very mean tricks with this one. When the first hit connects or is 
blocks the rest of the string is uncounterable. The last kick tends to be 
lowparried very often if the string is done from a small distance. A good 
thing to do if you start this string from a small distance is to do the 
first three hits alone, if the opponent anticipates the last hit and tries 
to parry he'll whiff, leaving him open for a uf+4 or whatever attack. Mix 
this up with 1,2,1,2 for wake up games, and you'll find this move a very 
reasonable tool for your offense. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


b+2>1>2:
The Doom Knuckle mixups can prove useful if used correctly. Bryan does two 
heavy backfists and finishes with a mach punch. The whole string by itself 
does insane damage once it counters, and the stun caused after the second 
hit can set-up a combo. Another good feature is that this string can be 
delayed, but this will also give the opponent the time to duck and counter 
you. The whole string hits high and the recovery isn't too good either. The 
main use of this move is the fact that it's very effective in 
combo's/juggles, you can take more than a half a lifebar away using this as 
a juggle linker. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


b+2>1>4:
The first two hits of this move is the same as the previous mentioned, but 
Bryan finishes with a horizontal axekick instead. The first two hits are 
high and the third hits mid. This mixup does more damage than the mach punch 
ender. If you use this in a combo or juggle, you'll be greeted with some 
insane damage. Don't use this on a defending opponent, you will get either 
countered or ducked, the last hit comes out pretty slow. Still, if the whole 
string is blocked, the blockstun the last hit allows you to recover fairly 
easy. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10.


Side note on the b+2,1-mix-ups: If you press F+1~u,N_d,N after the first 
hit, Bryan will sidestep around the opponent, and delay either the 2 and 4 
enders. Even better, you can cleanly sidethrow your opponent without having 
to worry pulling off a general move of the sidestep instead(like SS+1 i.e), 
which is very useful indeed.


b+2,4:
Now this move is garbage. First of all, the last kick seems to take forever 
to come out, and second, and WORST of all, if you sometimes miss-hit the 
b+2,1,4 command in a combo, you'll most like pull this instead and leave you 
well open to get your butt wacked till orbit. Stay away from this at all 
costs. Use-O-meter: 3 outta 10


df+1>2:
Actually, this move can prove very useful at times. There seems to be a 
little delay between both punches, but you shouldn't worry too much about 
that, once you connect both hits, it sets up very well, a d+1 seems to 
connect very often afterwards. Also, it's pretty easy to buffer a chicken 
with the last hit against reversal happy opponent. It's a very solid for 
minor countering or as an overhead, it can also be used as a juggle 
extension. This is a great attack for pacing against opponent who are 
waiting to duck your basic jab extensions al the time. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 
10



df+1(tap 1 rapidly)2:
Leastly to say, this is less useful than a regular df+1,2. Pressing 1
rapidly will make Bryan do the animation of the first punch a few more times 
very fast. This can be used as a keep away move to keep the opponent from 
rushing in at you, you can sort of think of it as a panic button. Still, if 
you do the right punch, many will just backdash away and counter your 
recovery, so it's recommended to do the rapid punches alone in this case. 
Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10



df+2:
Now this is one of Bryans main pokes. Most of Bryan best poking tactics 
surround this move. It has range, speed, damage, it blockstuns, great to 
followup after a 1,2 combo or shin kick and can punish recovery attacks 
without a sweat. You can buffer this with a 2+4 throw once it's blocked, you 
might catch them while they recover from the blockstun. Once it connects you 
can easily follow a d+1 to tee up a throw(Chains of Misery) or WS move, and 
also works well as an overhead to counter chrouches. The awesome thing about 
this move is that it puts you into range by impact, basic jabs followed 
after this move connect very often.  This move has the speed to counter an 
advancing an opponent and force them to block. Still don't get too happy 
with this move since it can be interrupted up close by basic jabs, just wait 
for a chance to counter (I.E. when they tag in) or in custom strings in 
order to use this move in it's full effectiveness. Use-O-meter: 10 outta 10


f+3:
A very solid midhitting kick which knocks down. This move has nice recovery 
since Bryan pulls his leg slightly backward after impact. The best use of 
this move is to knock the opponent down before you tag out, so you can tag 
your partner in while your opponent recovers from the knockdown. This will 
allow you to tag in your partner safely without having to worry to get 
countered by a juggle or whatever once you tag in. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


3,3:
This is not really a good move by itself, since you can duck the second kick 
after blocking or getting hit the first. A good use of this move maybe is 
off the sway (QCB) as an anti-poke or in juggles. Still, I don't use it much 
except for combo's maybe. Use-O-meter: 6 outta 10


3,2,1,2:
This is a very useful string, since it all hits mid and all hits are not 
counterable once it connects (they cannot counter the string, they must 
block the rest of the hits if they block the first kick, only the last hit 
can be parried in this situation). If blocked the last hit is counterable 
though, but that doesn’t change it’s usefulness. If you do the first two 
hits by itself (3,2), it's a very good set-up move, since you are in range 
to buffer a throw, you can even do a df+2 or d+4 afterwards as well without 
too much risk. Be sure to mix this string up with 3,2,1,4 to confuse your 
opponent with the mid and low enders. For attacking purposes, the most 
common way of using this string is to is to punish whiffled throws and 
crouches. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


3,2,1,4:
Another useful 3,2,1-string, this one ends with a right shin kick. Now this 
has about the same purposes as the previous mentioned, but it doesn't knock 
down, which can be a good thing, since you can keep pressure with custom 
strings and throwing after this move connects. Don't go crazy with this, 
since people know how to block this string by now. When the first hit 
connects or is blocked the opponent has no choice but to either block the 
whole string or get hit by it. Use it to minor counter the opponents 
recovery or as an overhead. Buffer the first kick with a chicken is very 
recommended. Be sure not to do the whole string all the time, but just the 
first two or three hits, the opponent might be startled wether to block 
standing or ducking, which can be a good chance for you to rush in with a 
throw or juggle. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


1~4:
In my opinion the single 1~4 is more useful alone than all the mixups
afterwards added. It comes out fast, watch out though the second hit can 
still be ducked once the first connects. This move is best as a juggle 
extender where it's used with awesome effect. In custom strings this is also 
a recommended attack, since it sets up very well, you can easily follow a 
quick d+4 once this connects, and if you want to set up Bryans f+1+4 
unblockable this is your attack of choice, you have to buffer the 1~4 into 
the f+1+4 (see BUFFERING SECTION) you will be amazed how many times the 
unblockable connects. I'd recommend using 1~4 more as a stand alone move 
than as a string starter, since both hits are high and can be ducked. But 
there are some deadly mixups off this move (explained in MIXING UP section), 
so it's definately a must in Bryans arsenal. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


1~4,3,3:
A lot of players I've seen like this move, but I'm not really crazy of it. 
If you block the third hit, you can duck the last. I recommend using the 
first two or three hits alone, since that sets up just enough to connect a 
d+1 lowjab, and you can follow that easily with a WS move or a Chains of 
Misery. Be sure to buffer a chicken with the last two hits against reversal 
oriented characters. I just wish the last hit was the same as the last hit 
of the 3,2,1,4-string, than I would've seen a lot more in this move. But 
using the full move  against a AoP-Ling or a crouching Ogre will get 
yourself killed, since this string hits, high,high,mid,high, which doesn't 
make this move exactly low  risk. I'd use it in juggles, like after a 
ws+2~f+2 for instance. Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


1~4>2>1>2:
First I thought this move was useless, but I've gotten some good info which 
proved me wrong. If you mix this up with a single 1~4, opponents tend to 
rush in after the 1~4 right into the doom knuckle mixup for big CH damage. 
Still don't overuse this mixup since it's easily ducked or countered. This 
is only useful in mixup with 1~4(3) and other 1~4 mix-ups. Thanks for 
Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


1~4>2>1>4:
Same use as the previous mentioned, good alternative for the 1~4>2,1,2, if 
the opponent tends to duck the 4th hit. But like the previous mentioned, 
this is easily ducked/countered, so you have to utilize it with extreme 
caution. Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


1~4>2>4:
I thought this move sucked bigtime, but it's actually if you mix this up you 
can utilize this with great effect. If the opponent expects a 1~4>2,1,2_4 
they will duck and get hit by the last hit of this attack string. Still not 
a low risk move by itself, be cautious with it, and stick more with 1~4(3). 
Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


b+1:
This is one of Bryans new moves, and it's a good one as well since it's 
stuns once blocked and juggles bigtime once hit, and it looks very flashy, 
Bryan slams the opponent down with an overhead punch, who bounces up high 
via the ground like a basketball. This move is also taggable. It has some 
good range and speed, and due to the blockstun it causes you can buffer into 
a 1+3 basic throw, but it's not guaranteed. Another good way to use this 
move is as a defensive manuever, like to dashbuffer off a sway (QCB) or 
backdash (b,b). A great new addition to Bryans arsenal, but use it only when 
you are certain for impact. A neat feature of this move what makes it so 
useful, is if you tag with it, which will make it launch higher up. And when 
it’s blocked the guardstun endures longer than normally allowing guaranteed 
d+1’s. The tag feature really strengthens this move up a lot, and I 
recommend using this move as choice if you want to tag in your other 
character. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


db+2:
Another new move in Bryans arsenal, a short ranged uppercut. This will put a 
lift stun on the opponent, which is useful since that means guaranteed 
followups. You can buffer this in a throw very easily, since you are in 
range, and may catch them before they can react of time after a well placed 
db+2. Like said before, it’s range really sucks which means this move can be 
neutralized quite easily on a standing opponent. Another thing that's really 
worth mentionable about this move is that it works extremely well as a 
juggle extender, it puts up a load of opportunities for different juggles 
and combo's. A very nice addition to Bryans arsenal, best for extending 
juggle opportunities. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


f,f+2:
The hardcore player should know this one by know. The mach punch is still 
one of your best moves to retaliate with after the opponents recovery 
attacks, techrolling and sorts. Blocked hopkicks, flipkicks, powermoves, you 
name it, the mach punch is your knockdown move of choice. You can dashbuffer 
it fairly easy, and it knocks down just within distance to do some okizeme. 
The machpunch is also very suited to finish juggles. Still you have to 
remember not to pull this off randomly since it hits high and it still has 
poor recovery time. But if used on the right moments, the mach punch can be 
a feared move by anyone who has played a good Bryan. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


f,f+3:
This is another decent powermove, but doesn't stun like Bruce's version, 
which means an advancing opponent can punish you in your recovery. Still, it 
hits mid and knocks the opponent far off, allowing you to rush in for 
okizeme. Still, without a guardstun, the whole use of the move is 
replenished a bit. I still use it often to catch the opponent from a 
distance while they techroll a knockdown. Use-O-meter: 6 outta 10


f,f+4:
Though this move is a bit slower than f,f+2, it has range is longer and  
even better, it’s completely safe if blocked, allowing you to dash in, or 
try a f+4, making this move awesome for pressurizing. Watch out though, it 
can be ducked, so use it on standing opponents only. This move is awesome 
even when blocked making it pretty vital if you want an organised offense. A 
pretty solid move to throw out once in a while as a minor counter or in a 
combo, since the damage is worth it as well. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


ws_qcf+1:
This is one of Bryans primary juggle starters, since it can be done off a 
rolldash or while rising from a chrouch and launches very high. Of course, 
you can easily tag in your partner to finish with a tag combo. This move is 
pretty low risk by itself, speed is decent and recovery isn't too bad 
either. The only weakness this move really has is the lack of range. You 
have to use the WS version from up close and the QCF version from longer 
range, since this move will whiff very often if you are unfamiliar with the 
distance this move can reach in order to connect it safely. I use it a lot 
as instant ws-exetcution off the ws+3(ch). Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


ws_qcf+2(~f+2):
Now this is one of the oddest moves in the game. What Bryan will do is an 
upper, and if you press f+2 once it connects will cause Bryan to slam the 
opponent to the ground creating a bounce juggle setting up some big damage. 
You can follow up the b+2,1,2_4 to empty the opponents lifebar by half in a 
matter of seconds. This is actually a very useful move, since you cannot 
escape the second part of the move once you connect the upper. If it's 
blocked, you cannot do the second part though, be sure to do a d+1 before 
the opponent can counter is your best option in that situation. Be sure to 
set this move up with fast pokes and the likes since the upper itself comes 
out pretty slow, and you can be punished once it's blocked or whiffed. 
Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


ws_qcf+3:
Bryans rising knee was one of the best moves in Tekken3 since he could do 
those madhouse 100+ combo's off one counter. But this move has been toned 
down by allowing a the opponent to escape the Counterhit-stun pressing 5 
(the tag button), which I think is ridicilously cheap. I still think the 
move has NOT lost it's usefulness due to the tag-escape, if you counter with 
this attack it's doomsday for the opponent no matter what he does:
- If they escape the stun without tagging the df+3 is guaranteed to hit for 
free ground damage.
- If they do tag escape, Bryan can just wait for the tag partner to come in 
for an easy counter with a juggle or whatever.
- If they do nothing, just use you fav juggle, heh...
This move is a very important part of Bryans arsenal, since it comes out 
very fast, can be done off the rolldash or while you rise and still sets up 
great damage. Once you land the counterhit stun, you can use uf+4 for a 
quick juggle, the b+2,1 mixups for big damage, or even buffer into a throw 
if you're fast. You can also use it as juggle linker very effectively, due 
to the nice recovery time this move has. The BEST way to get the CH stun in 
high level play is to instant WS-execute it (d~df+3), if you master the 
instant WS-execution (more on that later), you are practically unstoppable 
with this move (well I’m exaggerating a bit), since you can do 
b,b->sidestep->instant ws+3 to gamble for ach against aggressive opponents. 
Unlike most knee attacks, this can be reversed, but still a great attack and 
an important move for Bryan's offense. Use-O-meter: 10 outta 10


ws_qcf+3,4:
This is not really useful, since there are much better options after the 
ws+3 than the second hit of this move. Also, there is a slight delay between 
both knee's, giving the opponent a bigger opportunity for some stationary 
retaliation. I do use it sometimes after a df+3 juggle for some quick 
damage. If Bryan had a single version of the last knee, it would've been a 
great up close attacks *sigh* Use-O-meter: 6 outta 10


qcb(~5) (sway back):
Swaying back is a very good defensive manuever IHMO, since it avoids high 
attacks and you still will be in range to do a throw or powermove off it. 
Try a machpunch after the sway (QCB,f,f+2), this will act very well as a 
defensive manuever it acts kinda like the 1+2, and you can use it on similar 
occasions. Even better is that they made the sway taggable allowing you to 
avoid the opponents high attacks and counter safely with your tag partner. 
Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


qcb+2:
I have no idea why this attack gets such a lack of attention. If used
correctly, this is a great move to use on an advancing opponent, since the 
sway back will give you just that spacing you need to counter with the 
jugglestarter safely. You can also instantly sway cancel this move (d~db,2) 
allowing you to combo off the ws+3(ch) for good damage combined. The only 
weakness this move has is the fact that it hits high (it looks mid, but 
believe me it’s high), but if you use this defensively as a counterattack 
move, you don't have to worry about that issue. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


b+3,2,1,2:
Well, this move is basically like the 3,2,1,2, except it starts up with a 
frontal kick that hits high instead of a regular left kick. I don't see why 
you should use this variation instead of starting it up with a regular 3, 
since this comes out much slower and can be ducked or sidestepped. 
Use-O-meter: 6 outta 10


b+3,2,1,4:
Same as above but ends with a low shin kick. Like with the 3,2,1,4 you
cannot counter once you block the first kick, but this is, like b+3,2,1,2, 
very easy to anticipate, and you'll mostly likely end up ducked or countered 
against a good player, so I'd recommend sticking with the 3,2,1-mixups. 
Use-O-meter: 6 outta 10


b+3,4:
A slight variation off the frontal kick which is followed by a quick knee. 
Still there's a slight start-up and there's a very short delay between both 
hits, making it a bad move to use against poking Law's and Lings up close. 
This is, however, a pretty decent move in juggles, try mixing it up off a 
uf+4 or df+3 juggle, and you'll be able to find a use for it. If they duck 
the frontal kick you can use the knee as an overhead, but a simple lowjab 
attempt from the opponent should beat this. Also, it's pretty decent to 
catch the opponent when they tag in, but the f,f+2 or uf+4 do the job better 
in that case. Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


SS+1:
This move comes off the sidestep, but can prove rather frustrating since it 
hits high, and if it's ducked it's easy to punish afterwards.  When it hits 
however, it takes away one shitload of damage, and hits the opponents in a 
not too far of a distance, giving you the chance to do some okizeme on your 
opponent. Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


SS+2:
Many will disagree with me, but this is IHMO Bryans most useful move off the 
sidestep. Okay, it hits high. So what? When it hits it'll put the opponents 
side towards you, setting you up to buffer a throw or whatever fast attack 
(you know the deal, df+2, f,f+2, standing 4) dealing some nice damage. 
Besides it causes a stagger when blocked allowing Bryan to recover safely 
unlike his othe SS-moves. Very useful indeed. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


SS+1~2:
This move can be tricky at times, but I don't think it's that useful. Bryan 
fakes out a SS+1, and does a right gutpunch instead. Experienced players 
know by now this ain't gonna fool them. Okay it causes a big stun on 
counterhit, which is a great way to deal out high damage combo's, but the 
real boo this move has is the poor recovery time when it's blocked. The 
opponent will have all the time to juggle you, throw you , just totally 
eviscerate you until your lifebar comes into a desperate state. Use it as a 
counterattack move only to start a combo. Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10.


df+4:
This is the single non-canned solitude version of the last hit of the
b+2,1,4. This is actually more useful, since it's a very effective okizeme 
move to use on those who like to rise quick everytime. This will knock down 
not too far away from you allowing some more okizeme. It recovers pretty 
badly, but no worries, it guardstuns, allowing you to recover safely to 
block on time if the opponent retaliates, you can even follow a d+1 after 
the guardstun. Be sure to buffer a chicken with this move. The only real con 
is that it's sort of slow in the opening frames, so be sure to set this up 
properly with basic poking combinations and custom strings, you minimize the 
chance of retaliation. Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10


df+3:
I never really thought wether this move is really good or bad. It's pro's 
are that it hit's low, has nice range (and Bryan still lacks lowhitting 
attacks), it goes under high and -some- mid attacks, and it juggles. It's 
cons? Slow start-up and slow recovery. If this is blocked, get ready to get 
juggled or thrown. Also, this move is parried very often. So why and how 
should you use it properly? It's very simple. Timing. You need to know the 
speed of this move and your opponents attack and time it at the right times, 
cuz if you do, this sweep is one of your best friends. Use it defensively on 
a standing opponent, and offensively on a grounded opponent. It doesn't 
juggle very high, but it's enough to do a good 50pts of damage off it. It's 
a great okizeme move as well, try hitting a grounded opponents after a 
juggle or throw. It has the range to catch a rolling opponent, or 
quickrisers as well for another juggle. Also, it's very important way to use 
this move is against those who like to CH,4 often like Ling and Law players, 
since this move will go under it and catch them off guard. Of course this 
takes severe timing. Use it as a counterattack move is your best option to 
connect a juggle, but with the slow start-up you need to have great 
anticipation and timing to do so, but if you get it down this move can be 
used with great effect. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


uf+4:
In Tekken3 this move was awesome, since it had great recovery time and
juggle ability, and you could easily follow it up after a lowparried right 
kick. But in TTT, this move seems to come out a little slower, but still, 
the recovery time is awesome. The opponent will fly back a bit once this is 
connected setting up a juggle. Like E-MAN pointed out once at Inside Tekken, 
this is a great move to punish those who recover chrouching or with an ankle 
kick or sweep, or when the opponent tags his partner in. This move is great 
to use after you've landed a CH stun. If blocked, you can easily stick out a 
1,2 combination to discourage the opponent to retaliate (yes, the recovery 
is THAT fast), or a d+1 or even a throw. Still because the move comes out 
sort of slow, it's best to set it up with the basic pokes. You can also do 
this directly from a crouch (FC,uf+4), many won't expect you to do that, 
they expect that this move will be pulled to counter them or after some 
set-up pokes. Also, off a rolldash it works decent as well (QCF,uf+4), since 
that avoids high attacks, but that takes sheer timing to perfect against an 
attacking opponent. This is a very versatile and safe jugglestarter, since 
it can be used both offensively and defensively, as well as a tool to minor 
counter the opponents recovery and so on. This is a very important move for 
Bryan. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


uf,N+4:
A regular hopkick, not as much priority as Ogre or Pauls hopkick, and it's a 
lot trickier to pull off thus a lot slower. In T3 you could follow this 
easily after a ws+3(CH), but because that move is tag-escapable now, this 
isn't as useful anymore. Still this is a great jugglestarter, but Bryan has 
much better sources to set-up high damage combo's, which are much easier to 
execute. This is pretty good as juggle linker tho, after a ws+1 juggle. 
Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


uf+3:
This is the jumping form of the f+3 kick, but it hits high. This is a very 
good move of those who have the rear habit of backdashing once the match 
starts, due to it's nice range. This move has great recovery, but if it's 
ducked, it's still punishable with a Jin ws+2 upper for instance. Also, this 
move is extremely easy to sidestep, making Bryan vulnerable for sidethrows 
or even back throws. This can be used in some juggles actually. Use-O-meter: 
7 outta 10


f+4,3,4:
Stay away from this move on standing opponents, after the first kick the 
rest of the move comes out slow, and even if the second kick connects the 
third can still be ducked. You'll get sidestepped, countered, reversed, 
ducked and that will do your lifebar no good. Still, this move is very 
effective as a juggle linker, due to the damage the 3 kicks combine while 
they hit a juggled opponent. Use-O-meter: 6 outta 10


f+4:
Where the f+4,3,4 is a bad option against a standing opponent, f+4 is
actually very useful. Okay, it comes out slower than a standing 4 but has a 
slight better reach since the "f" will give it an extra advancing momentum. 
And even better it launches up higher on CH allowing a GUARANTEED f,f+2 or 
b+1 for good combined damage. Still it can be ducked easily making you 
vulnerable throw or WS-attack. The best way to get the CH against offensive 
players is the b,b into sidestep method, and f+4’s range makes it awesome to 
use in this particular tactic (the STAIRS tactic, explained later) Use with 
caution, but it's not an attack to leave out. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


b,b+4:
This move is best used defensively, especially after the opponent runs at 
you from a longer distance or a tag, this move has the range to stop the 
attack. Still, if this move whiffs, you remain vulnerable on the ground for 
okizeme. This is Bryans only move that can be buffered with a sway (d,db,b). 
Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10


f+1+2:
An awkward move, since it seems to slighty travel sideways before the elbow 
comes out. I don't use it much, since it's slow, hits high, thus easily 
countered. The damage isn't worth it either. There are lots of better 
powermoves in Bryans arsenal that get the job done better. Use-O-meter: 4 
outta 10


1+2:
Now this attack is a very good definition of an anti-poke, since it avoids 
high attacks (that means standing jabs as well) and strikes the opponent 
with good damage and a tiny stun, setting you up to do stay offensive, 
making this an excellent defensive/counterattack move. If connected, you can 
follow a df+2 with ease or just a simple d+4 will do the trick just as well. 
Also, you can pull this off a crouch or dash to cloak this move very well. 
It's a very reliable move to try once in awhile, to strike the advancing 
opponent by suprise. Use-O-meter: 9 outta 10


1+3+4(cancelable with any joystick motion or button command):
Bryan taunts with one knee up and one fist waving at the opponent. This is 
more for show off purposes, like after some madd combo. You can use the 
taunt as a juggle linker to show off as well, it actually look quite nifty. 
By cancelling the taunt constantly, it looks like you dance around a little 
( The Bryan can-can special), for more show off purposes. The knee part 
sometimes hits the opponent, with no damage, and if you cancel it with a 
throw command (2+4) afterwards to connect it, your opponent might be so 
suprised that he won't escape it. The taunt can actually be useful from a 
small distance, the opponent opp, because the basic throws are guaranteed 
afterwards (That’s right, if your opponent tries to counter you, but if you 
press a left jab to cancel the taunt and interrupt the opponent, you can 
buffer into a throw for a good suprise attack). Use it for the fun at times, 
but don't try to use it after every knockdown, if you get punished because 
of it, you'll only look like a moron, lol. Use-O-meter: 7 outta 10 (I'm 
serious)



============
Unblockables
============


b+1+4:
Bryan leans backwards, charges, and swipes his fist swiftly towards the 
opponent. It avoids high attacks, but starts up pretty slow. But it tracks 
very well if the opponent tries the sidestep. Still this unblockable is the 
least useful of the two unblockables Bryan's got. If it hits, it does insane 
damage though. Use-O-meter: 5 outta 10



f+1+4:
This is the same as b+1+4 but alot faster. Like the previous mentioned this 
avoids high attacks, tracks well, but does less damage, but still good 
enough. It's a very good move to start the round with or even buffering it 
after 1~4 is pretty effective,  really not a bad manuever to do once in a 
while. Because of it's abilty to avoid high attacks and because it's 
unblockable and unduckable it proves to be a very useful attack to pull off 
every once in a while. I recommend though this is best as a desperation/K.O 
move since I think Bryan has a frame disadvantage even when you connect. 
Use-O-meter: 8 outta 10



----------------------------------------------------------------------


D.  BLOCKING AND HIT-RANGES


Blocking is something you cannot leave out in your basic Tekken game. If you 
cannot block, you might as well stop playing Tekken. Even if you have an 
offensive style of play, there are always situations where your defense has 
to be organised, and blocking is the basis of it all. Wether it's for high 
level play or basic strats, blocking is something in which you have to 
involve your Tekken game in constantly. There are two types of blocking: 
Neutral Guard and Active Guard

- Neutral Guard: If you keep your joystick into Neutral state, you will 
automatically block high, mid and special mid level attacks. But you have to 
use Active Guard to block low level attacks (hold DB). This isn't really 
reliable since the Neutral guard will prove ineffective against set-ups 
(i.e. a shin kick connected on you, followed by fast pokes, which will hit 
you if you don't use active guard), guardbreaking moves, certain attack 
strings that are very varied in hit ranges (like tenstrings), which are very 
commonly used in high level play.

- Active Guard: This is the most common of blocking types. This is done by 
holding the joystick back (standing) or downbackward (ducking) away from the 
opponent timed with their attack. The Active block is the blocking method 
that's used in high level play. Wether it's tenstrings, set-ups, custom 
strings, low hitting moves, this is the most reliable way of defending.


A good way to learn how to block the popular attacks and strings in the game 
is to learn the hit ranges. The hit ranges indicate how you have to block 
certain attacks, wether it's blocking or standing, or wether you can duck or 
jump over certain attacks or not.  In order to have an organised defense, 
you must know the hit ranges of each attack in Tekken Tag Tournament (it's a 
long learning curve, but if you wanna learn how to play, the basic parts 
must be known first). There are four different types of hit ranges: high, 
mid, special mid and low level attacks.

- High level attacks: Pretty much explains by itself actually. High attacks 
are the only attacks that can be ducked (along with throws), and can only be 
blocked standing. If you learn how to anticipate the popular high hitting 
moves your opponent, and learn how to duck and counter them, you are one 
step in the right directions. Also, learn the parts of popular strings that 
hit high is very recommendable (DUH). Examples: Standing jabs, 4's, Mach 
Punch, Jin's WGF/EWGF

- Mid level attacks: Most of the attacks in Tekken Tag Tournament hit mid.  
This means they can only be blocked standing, and cannot be ducked. 
Unfortunately, most of the priority moves that are mid hitting attacks. You 
have to be aware of overheads when ever you chrouch or when you try a WS 
move or C.O.M, since many will try to punish your crouch. The best way to 
deal with this is be familiar with blocking points of certain 
attacks/strings, or find a something that's effective as an interrupt like a 
d+1, which will beat almost anything.
Examples: df uppercuts, Deathfists, toekicks, hopkicks

- Special Mid level attacks: This is the least common of hitranges. Special 
mid attacks will hit a crouching or standing opponent, but can also be 
blocked both standing and crouching. Special mid attacks can be lowparried 
and reversed. The most common special mid attacks are the basic ducking jabs 
(d+1/d+2). Another well known example is Kazuya's Wing God Fist.

- Low level attacks: The low attacks are pretty obvious as well since they 
can only be blocked ducking. These are IHMO the most useful of hit ranges, 
simply because it proves neutral guard non-effective, but also if you mix up 
your hit ranges very balancing the low attack are the most eaten of all hit 
ranges. Examples: Shin kicks, Ogre Snake Kicks, Kings AliKicks, Lei's db+4.

Blocking is IHMO the most important thing you have to do. If you are
unfamiliar with blocking and hitranges, learn or don't play. Know how to 
block popular strings, and know which moves are punishable when you block 
them.



----------------------------------------------------------------------


E. OKIZEME


Okizeme is basically doing as much damage as possible on a grounded
opponent. This is very much used as high level play, but it's often called 
cheap since the opponent is defenseless if they get pummeled on the ground, 
but isn't that the same with juggles? The important thing you have to 
remember about okizeme is to know which move you have to hit the grounded 
opponent with at what time, depending how the opponent recovers. Bryans 
okizeme isn't as great as Kings or Ogres (because of his lack of low 
attacks) , but it's more then enough to keep a grounded opponent nailed for 
some time. Like I said, you need to use the right move to stop the way the 
opponent recovers to keep them grounded.

- If they roll: If the opponent rolls towards or away from you, this makes 
it the easiest way to do okizeme, since an uncautious opponent is very 
vulnerable when they roll. The simple d+4 or d+3 will catch them during 
their roll, and a df+3 is guaranteed afterwards (you have to be fast), this 
works exceptionally well on big characters such as the Jacks or True Ogre. 
The heavy body blow (df+1,2) works also well, it sets up more ground damage 
fairly well. The df+3 by itself is another option, you have to time it early 
enough, but it reaches far enough to catch them as they roll. Other options 
are the rising knee (ws+3) or even the f,f+3. Another option is the 3,2,1 
mixup when they roll backwards, or try the f+1+4 after the 1+3 throw. When 
you expect them to roll away from you, the unblockable will hit them before 
they stand up.

- When they stand up regularly (recover standing): If you time the df+3 
right when you are in range, you'll catch them with a juggle as they rise. 
When people estimate this and recover from the chrouch, you can be punished, 
so there are always other moves that can substitute the df+3. The df+4 is a 
well suited attack for those matters, and doesn't knock down that far 
setting you up for more okizeme. Another option, is the uf+4, which get you 
a free juggle, and if they manage to block on time, the recovery is fast 
enuff to make you block on time, or a do left jab to avoid retaliation. 
Great is the df+4, whick kill a risong opponent and does great damge as 
well, and also sets up some of the better okizeme. Another move that works 
well against standing recovery from a distance is the f,f+4, which give you 
another fast knockdown, for you to tag your partner in safely or do some 
more okizeme.

- When they recover chrouching: Pretty easy if you use overheads. The uf+4 
is your best option by far, gets you a juggle. Another option is the f,f+3 
from a dashing distance, or the simple b+4, but that will most likely be 
countered by a d+1 or so. A well timed df+2 is a pretty good option if it's 
done out of lowjab range.

- When they recover with an ankle kick (d+4) or sweep(3): Now this is the 
moment for the uf+4 all the way. If timed correctly it'll go over the sweep 
or ankle kick and hit them for a juggle. Another option is the mach punch 
for a minor counter if you want a fast knockdown, or as a move to finishoff 
the round when the opponent has little life left.

- When they recover with a mid kick(4): This is the right time for a df+3, 
since that'll go under the kick if you time it accurately, and knock the 
opponent down.Remember that the FC+3 is guaranteed after every frontal 
throw, and the df+3 will hit them before they can techroll away safely. The 
df+3 is still another recommended option after the C.O.M or after a basic 
front or sidethrow. Unfortunately Bryan has no useful slide attack like 
Lee/Ogres f,f,N+3+4 or Laws D,df,d,DF+3 which has the range to catch the 
opponent once they tag recover from the ground before they roll off screen. 
If he had that his okizeme would've been complete.

======================
How to utilize okizeme
======================

To use okizeme effectively you have to be familiar with your ATTACK RANGE. 
Estimate which attacks reach the distance the opponent's at to use okizeme 
with great effect. To utilize okizeme, it's also extremely vital to forward 
dash (f,f) a lot if you are out of range, to be quick enough to get within 
range to do more ground damage. Another important thing about okizeme is 
ANTICIPATION. After a successfull knockdown, you must anticipate how the 
opponent will recover, and at the same time you must execute the appropriate 
okizeme quickly that's suited to punish the way the opponent recovers from 
the ground. Okizeme is an advanced tactic that should be practiced as much 
as juggles, poking or whatever else, since it's used extensively in high 
level play. Be sure to know Bryans okizeme, and it can be used with great 
effect to use as yet another way to eat away chunks of the opponents 
lifebar, oki doki?


----------------------------------------------------------------------

F. SIDESTEPPING


The essence of a well timed sidestep has been more and more of a value in 
Tekken, simply because a successfull sidestep sets you up for free hits. 
Sidestepping is done by pressing u,N (to the left) d,N (to the right). Bryan 
doesn't have a godlike sidestep such as Ogres, but it certainly is good 
compared to some other characters. Sidestepping effective will takes two 
important things: Anticipation and timing. You need to anticipate your 
opponents attack, and time exactly right so you won't get hit by it and 
avoid it safely. When the opponents attack is somewhat slow, you might want 
to sidestep during the midframes of the attack, when the attack is faster,
you might want to time your sidestep during the opening frames, it all takes 
precision in timing and anticipation, but not as for timing, it doesn't 
always depend on how fast or slow moves come out, but also in what distance 
the opponents attack is executed from you. If a move is executed up close, 
you might want to time your sidestep earlier than when the attack comes from 
a dashing distance for example. You can cancel a sidestep by pressing back 
after initiating the SS-motion. Sidestepping your opponent to it's full 
effectiveness is best used against moves that travel in a straight line i.e. 
Thunder Godfists, Kings f,f+1+2, Laws f+2~1, Heihachi's f,n,d,df+3, 
Julia/Michelles Bow& Arrow mixups, Ogres f+1+4, Jins b,f+2,1,2_d+2, Nina's 
uf+4,3,4 and the list goes on and on. You'll most likely end to their back 
or side, to do a SideStep-move, but they aren't really safe moves, so I'd 
recommended to look for some alternatives as well. If you SideStep the 
opponent, you'll either end up at their back or at their sides, and to minor 
counter their whiffed attack, here are some recommendable moves (apart from 
the sidestep moves) to do in these positions:


- At the opponents side:

uf+4: Because this comes out slower in TTT, they might block it on time 
(depending on the recovery of the move you sidestepped), but if the move is 
still in it's closing frames, you'll connect with this for a small juggle. 
Not a bad option I'd say.

3,2,1,2_4: Pretty decent to do off your sidestep, since the first hit of the 
3,2,1 have range and are all guaranteed on a minor counter once the first 
hit connects.

f+4: My favourite, especially as a major counter off te SS, due to it’s 
range speed and recovery. Follow b+1 or f,f+2 for good combined damage.

Instant ws+3: You have to be fast with this one, but your reward will be a  
big combo opportunity. But it happens a lot the opponent will block on time, 
so use it when the opponents attack is still in it's closing frames to 
connect it safely. Also be aware of the distancing and this is a powerfull 
option.


At the opponents back:
f,f+2: If you sidestep your opponent who ends with his back towards, and 
rush in with the machpunch, it'll connect for sure if it's 2 characters 
distance or shorter as a counter, giving you a fast knockdown, it'll even 
hit as a MC often since you may connect while the opponent tries to turn 
around.

Instant ws+3: If you're fast you should be able to connect this during the 
opponents recovery, it's best to do a forward dash once you've sidestepped 
your opponent to be sure you'll get in range (ss->f,f~instant 
ws+3-execution). If the opponent tries to turn around to might get the stun 
as a MC, giving you the chance to do a combo before the opponent finds the 
reaction to tag-escape the stun.

f,f,f+3: The jumping slash kick is very useful in this particular
situations, especially if the opponent recovers with his back facing you at 
a larger distance after a successful sidestep.

Standing 4: The standing 4 has awesome range and sometimes even hits the 
opponent in the air during a Thunder Godfist (Devil, Kazuya, Jin,
Heihachi)in their back if it's sidestepped up close, leaving them
grounded(this also works very well with Kings f,f+1+2 as well).  Well suited 
to minor counter a backturned opponent after a sidestep, not only because of 
it's range, but also it's speed.

2+4_1+3(at back turned opponent): If you sidestep a linear moves from a 
small distance and end up at the back of a recovering opponent, you can 
always try a back throw attempt once you are within range. Be sure to press 
the tagbutton once tou catch the opponent, backthrows are nonescapable and 
if you tag throw, the damage result is totally awesome. I think you’ll get 
better sidethrow opportunities after a techroll though.



Some general tips on sidestepping attacks:

- If you have trouble sidestepping attacks and feel you time right, an easy 
way to sidestep is this: Sidestep left limb attacks to the left, and right 
limb attacks to the right. It seems to work much better, and will grant you 
a lot more successful sidesteps, if you know when and how to use the 
sidestep effectively.
- Sidestepping moves that travel horizontal (Bruce's f,f+3, Pauls
d+4,2(first hit) and Ogre's standing 4, Lei's db+4, Kuma's f+1+2) is a bad 
idea.
- Don’t try to sidestep if you are too close to the opponent since you’ll be 
jabbed during the neutral motion. always stay and least a half a character 
distance to sidestep safely.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

G.  DASHING AND SWAYING


Dashing is a very important factor in Tekken, since it can be very vital for 
your distancing and evasive game. A regular dash is done by pressing b,b or 
f,f and will travel you about 1 and a half character distance. Especially 
characters like Bryan have to rely heavily on dashing since a lot of his 
powermoves come off a dash, and with his fast pokes he can use up close, the 
dash allows Bryan to take it on from distances as well. The forward dash 
(f,f) is used in many different way, of course, Bryan has three powermoves 
off it, but a forward dash is used to extend your attack range, to rush in 
on a vulnerable opponent(with okizeme for instance) , to cloak moves by 
buffering it with rolldashes and sorts and lots of other uses. The
productivity of the forward dash is very versatile, you can use it very well 
extending the range of certain moves for example:

f,f,uf+4
f,f,qcf+3
f,f,qcf+2~(when hit)b+2
f,f,qcf+1
f,f,df+2
f,f,b+1
f,f,df+3
The backward dash (b,b) is also a very important tool to use in high level 
play especially. If you anticipate well and backdash out of range of basic 
pokes or throw attempt, you might leave your opponent open for a well timed 
f,f+2, uf+4, 3,2,1,2_4 or even a throw. If you want to be cautious, the best 
thing you can do is a simple backdash, to feel out what the opponent will 
do, and hopefully you'll get a counter. Especially against King, Ogre and 
Paul players, who like to start the round with their hopkicks, a simple 
backdash will make their attack whiff leaving them open for some stationary 
retaliation. Also, try to backdash out of range of Kazuya/Ogre's ws+2 
gutpunches, this works extremely well, since they will whiff their attempt 
for a clean hit and you'll most likely have enough time to get a uf+4 or at
least a df+2 out of it. You can also cancel a backdash into a sidestep, 
which is very useful for evasive tactics. The backdash is a very good 
evasive tool, as well as to anticipate counterhits (in harmony with the SS 
at greatest).

============
The Rolldash
============

The rolldash is simply another variation of the crouch dash but it's done 
differently (d,df,f_or_qcf). It can be used to modify WS moves to longer 
range moves, since the rolldash will put you in a chrouch position for a 
short period of time:
ws+1 -> qcf+1
ws+2~(when hit)b+2 -> qcf+2~(when hit)b+2
ws+3 -> qcf+3
ws+4 -> qcf+4
ws+1+2 -> qcf+1+2
ws+3+4 -> qcf+3+4
This is very useful, since the rolldash avoids high attacks, giving you the 
chance to pop up with these moves. Also the rolldash will give the attack 
more range, which is especially useful with move which lack in range like 
ws+1+2 and even ws+1. You can also use the rolldash for buffering, like the  
FC,df,d,DF+1+2 throw or moves off the forward dash, but that'll be explained 
in the BUFFERING SECTION.

==================
Utilizing The Sway
==================

The sway is an awesome feature in Tekken since it avoids high attacks,
making it a great antipoke, and can only be done by Paul, Bryan and Nina. It 
is  done with a d,db,b_or_qcb motion. Using the sway to it's full advantage 
takes, like a sidestep, raw timing and reaction, but if you get it down you 
can use it like you would use Lei's b+1+2 or your own 1+2 Hammerdriver, but 
with much greater effect. Swaying is best used for defensive purposes to get 
counterhits and sorts. Try to time this with your opponents high attack, and 
if you do it right, you can answer with many attacks. The QCB+2 is the 
default attack off the sway, and a good move for juggling, but try to mix-up 
your attacks off the sway to stay unpredictable:
QCB,f,f+2
QCB,f,f+4
QCB,uf+3
QCB,throw
QCB,qcf+1
QCB,qcf+3
QCB,df+3
QCB,uf+4
QCB,df+1,2
QCB,3,2,1,2_4
QCB,df+2
QCB,1+2
QCB,f+1+4
QCB,b+1
QCB,b,b+4
QCB,f+4
QCB ->Sidestep
These are all the attacks that work pretty effective after you avoid your 
opponents attack with the sway. Just experiment, customize which attacks 
work for yout the best. Like mentioned, you can always do a sway into 
sidestep, to put some variation to the backdash -> sidestep patterns. The 
sway is a very good move to counter an advancing opponent who relies heavily 
on custom stringing and buffering. Try to use it every once in a while, it 
has a good value, also a nice alternative for both backdashing and ducking 
(in evasive tactics that is).


----------------------------------------------------------------------

H.  VERSUS CHARACTER STRATEGY


TTT is in my opinion more balanced in characters than in T3, every character 
has the ability to kick ass on any other character, and the tag feature 
makes that an even more open theory.. Characters that were overpowered in T3 
have been toned down (Nina, Law, Paul and Ogre) and characters that were 
weaker have been made a lot stronger (Julia, Kuma, Hwoarang and GunJack). 
But since Tekken3 Bryan has been made a lot stronger than in Tekken3, 
especially since he's gained the punch reversal and b+1 jugglestarter, which 
made him IMHO top tier along with Julia, Bruce and Jin. He's is practically 
INVINCIBLE against the Jacks, Kuma and Ganryu because they rely heavily on 
their punch attacks, and are a lot slower than Bryan. The dead fella is 
stronger than ever and has the abilty to make quick work of every character 
in the game. He has the excellent blend of speed and power, he has attacks 
great up close and from a distance, count that up with his awesome 
productivity in combo's and custom strings and his punch reversal, and 
you've got one powerhouse character. In this section I will give you some 
strats what to do to beat other characters in the game.


========
Vs. Jin
========

Attacks to watch out for:
- Mostly played: Offensively
- f,n,d~DF+2(EWGF)/b+4/ws+2/1,1>2/f,f+1+2
It's always hard to beat a good Jin since he has so many useful attacks and 
very few weaknesses. Most players will stay offensive on you and if you stay 
too defensive they'll try and throw you with f,f+1+2. It's best to try and 
attack cautiously, don't make any reckless errors since Jin can punish 
everything you whiff with an EWGF. Punish everytime they whiff the EWGF, 
since good players won’t easily make the same mistake twice. Use the 
backdash into SS tactics (stairs) against godfist happy players, don’t try 
to punch parry it. Don’t get b+4’d, Jin players will try to set this move up 
with pokes offensively speaking. You must use the backdash->SS->f+4 or 
instant ws+3 to hopefully counter the b+4 attempt with a big combo, but 
don’t get hit by it, or you can say your prayers. The stairs tactics also 
works well against the stunpunch combo (b,f+2,1,2_d+2) to force Jin into 
whiffing the first one or two hits, then run into a f+4 ch. Jin players like 
to minor counter you with 1,1>2’s, the EWGF or ws+2, so use as many short 
recovery attacks with fast recovery as possible, like WS+3, the f,f+4 works 
well, uf+4 is decent if you are sure of a hit, and pokes. Use your f+4 and 
instant WS+3 as your main countering moves. Don’t expect an easy fight, play 
cautious and smart, one juggle opportunity for Jin and you’re dead, remember 
that.
- Difficulty: Hard.


=============
VS. Hwoarang
=============

- Mostly played: Offensive~defensive (AKA hit-and-run tactics)
- Attacks to watch out for: df+4-LFF/RFL,4/d+3,4,4/df+3,4/f+4~4-RFF/f,f+2
Hwoarang has been strengthened a bit, and he relies a lot on his RFL now, 
more than his LFL. He will often try to use fast pokes to gain the framing 
needed to get in his RFL(f,N+4), minimizing fear of retaliation. They will 
often try to double sidestep (Poking->RFL->Dbl SS) afterwards hoping to 
counter you with RFL,b+3 or RFL,4 which both set up a combo. That's why you 
shouldn't rush in on Hwoarang while he's in his Flamingo faints, he'll 
counter with the previous mentioned or jabs out of his FL stance to 
interrupt you. To avoid getting pestered by his annoying hit-and-run tactic, 
you must try to counter him as soon as possible (WS+3, f+4, and stay in his 
face with custom strings (3,2,1-strings, 1-2,body blow, low hitting moves) 
and an occasional jugglestarter or throw to keep him from using his stances. 
If you have an organised offense you should have him nailed pretty fast.
- Difficulty: Easy


========
Vs. King
========

- Mostly played: Defensively
- Attacks to watch out for: Throws/2,1/d+1~N+2/df+3/f+4/Kick Reversal
The first thing you must know against a King player is to know all the
breakouts of his throws and multi's, because King is undeniable grappling 
oriented. He needs to get within range to execute his throws, that’s why the 
b,b->SS->CH tactic works well against him. Punish whiffed throws with the 
mach punch or a throw attempt. Besides his throws , watch out for his pokes, 
his 2,1 has lost it’s guaranteed followups, but King players still look out 
to buffer into a DDT or Giant Swing, or follow that nasty df+3 poke. If King 
whiffs the first hit, you can counter with a f+4 combo. Also duck a lot, 
pester him with lowjabs and mixing up ws+1 and ws+3 with the C.O.M works 
really well. Use your 1,2,1 strings instead of your 3,2,1 (King players look 
out to reverse the left kick and it can’t be chickened). Don’t whiff the 
start-up of your strings to avoid eating a f+4 or uf+4, strike him off 
counters and inturrupts instead. The d+1~N+2 is another nasty attack, if 
they use it a lot, keep out of distance of the first hit and punish ones he 
gets the second hit blocked whiffed. To beat King players, your best bet is 
to stay out of poking range and counter him, never take the initiative first 
when the player you’re up against has the advantage to avoid getting thrown 
or countered by a hopkick or f+4. Good Luck.
- Difficulty: Medium


=========
Vs. Bruce
=========

- Mostly played: Offensively
- Attacks to watch out for: df+2/1,2,4_d+4/3,2,1
Bruce is a cheap and easy character to learn, with lots of quick and
damaging attacks, but I’d say Bryan is a better allround character. Bruce 
players like to pester you with 1,2,4_d+4, which are quick and damaging, and 
have insane priority, since they start with Bruce's left jab, which runs 
8frames, and has a lot more range and damage than the average left jab. 
Because the 1,2-mixups starts up so fast, Bruce can counter you without a 
sweat with these strings. Your main concern is to keep him out of jabbing 
range. The best cure for that is once again the b,b->SS, to force him to 
whiff the start-up of his 1,2 strings making him vulnerable for a f+4 or 
instant ws+3 counter. His 3,2,1 is your second worry, it tracks a lot better 
than yours, and juggles on CH. It’s hard to defend against this move, but if 
Bruce screws up the start up get ready to punch parry the second or third 
hit. His df+2 is another problem, it has the speed so Bruce can cloak it in 
custom strings and other pokes, to set it up easily, and if he connects this 
move,  you’ll get triple knee’d or something worse. Against Bruce, you must 
keep him on mid level range to avoid getting out-poked, and strike him thru 
counters and keep him defensive from there on.
- Difficulty: Medium


==============
Vs. Roger/Alex
==============

- Mostly played: Offensively
- Attacks to watch out for: df+1/2,1/standing 1/f,N+1/throws
Roger is the most underrated character in the game, his main weakness is his 
lack of range which gives him trouble fighting other characters and Bryan is 
no exception. Roger players like to poke you up close with 2,1 and standing 
1, which he can link to his throws very easily (his throws cannot be ducked 
once the 2,1 connect so you have no choice but to escape them). So in this 
case, keep him at bay with your gatling combo’s, df+1,2, and counter with 
f+4 or instant ws+3 if he tries to rush in. Counter his f,N+1 with instant 
ws+3, df+3 or f+4, or punch parry don’t block, since he cas a guaranteed 
f,N,d,df+1 and FC,df+2 after the block stagger. If you can neutralize Rogers 
close range attacks this fight should be over pretty fast.
- Difficulty: Easy


========
Vs. Baek
========

- Mostly played: offensive~defensively (AKA hit-and-run style)
- Attacks to watch out for: b+2/f,f+2/d+4,3,3,d+3/f+4>3/punch parry/3,4>3
Baek is a very confusing character with lots of different attack strings. Be 
sure to punish with f+4 everytime he whiffs a kickstring, he can counter the 
ws+3 a lot easier for some reason. He can delay a lot of his kicking strings 
to discourage you to attack him. Players will try to bait you into a 
counterhit with Baeks flamingo delayals. His f+4>3 for example, is obviously 
one of his best moves,  Baek players will delay the second hit after 
connecting the first to bait you into the big CH stun. If you block the 
first hit the second hit wil most likely be cancelled, and Baek can triple 
SS around you when they cancel it into flamingo faints to juggle or throw 
you, so there is always an option surrounding the f+4>3. Lowparry the second 
hit of 3,4>3 to avoid getting fooled by the last hit delayal since Baek 
players like to screw up your timing via FL-delayals to connect a juggle 
opportunity. Baeks main weakness that a lot of his kick strings start up 
high, so if you duck a lot you should be able to hurt him with your d+1, 
WS-game and C.O.M. Baek doesn’t have any good mid attack to stop a d+1 
attempt up close to set-up your crouching game. You should be able to hold 
him off if you execute from your crouch and sidestep properly.
- Difficulty: Medium

=========
Vs. Julia
=========

- Mostly played: offensively (off the counter mostly)
- Attacks to watch out for: 1~1,1/QCB,f+2(Mad Axes)/f,f+1/FC,df+2
Julia is the hardest character you’ll face in high level play IMO. Her 1~1,1 
start-up with her 8frame jab,  and the juggle is guaranteed if she counters 
you with it, and this is not that hard for her since it beats every move you 
have from your standing game, and that’s a big disadavantage for you. If you 
try to attack and do damage she will look out to counter you with 1~1,1, but 
if you turtle, Julia will find ways to buffer into Mad Axes (escape: 1+2) to 
do damage instead, so it’s practically impossible to fight Julia without any 
risks. Watch out for that damn elbow, which will punish almost every attack 
you whiff, hopefully the player will whiff it to punish her. Her two 
weaknesses are the recoverytime of some of her powerattacks, and many of her 
attacks are not that hard to sidestep. Use the f,f+2 or throw whenever she 
misses or recovers from her attack, you can also try to sidestep some of her 
popular strings if she executes them from a longer distance and counter with 
the f+4 or instant WS+3. Don’t try to fight her up close, instead use f+4 to 
counter her when she is within jab range or throwing range, you have a range 
advantage over her and you should take advantage of that. The f,f+4 works 
well due to it’s great recovery as do the gatling strings. It’s best to play 
a bit defensive against Julia, despite the Mad Axes buffering methods 
(anticipate and escape is your best bet), to avoid her 1~1,1)_4 and the 
f,f+1 elbow and hopefully get an early counter.
- Difficulty: Hard


===============
Vs. Devil/Angel
===============

- Mostly played: offensively (off counters)
- Attacks to watch out for: WGF, hellsweeps, df+1,2, SS+2, 1,1>2
Devil hasn’t got many attacks, but what he has is quite annoying. His df+1,2 
is probably the most used attack, block the first hit, punch parry the 
second. Devil players like to slash through with the df+1,2 or WGF, so don’t 
whiff the start-up of your gatling combo’s, or you’ll be juggled. The 1,1>2 
is still pretty annoying, as well, so stick with fast recovery attacks, 
throwing and basic jabs. Same goes for the WGF, Devil players tru to counter 
you with it because it hits special mid and thus easily blocked. Don’t try 
to punch parry the WGF, it’s not possible. Devil players also like to 
overuse the SS+2 (Kinda a Guile Standing Fierce ripoff), which is eay to 
neutralize, just dash out of distance  (The SS+2 range is very short) and 
machpunch, throw or b+1~5. If you can keep him nailed with 3,2,1,2_4, the 
df+2 and other primary offensive moves you should win without too much 
troubles. Devil is a pretty predictable character, so it’s easier to 
anticipate his attacks than with most other characters.
- Difficulty: Easy




----------------------------------------------------------------------


I.  TAGGING AND TAG-STRATS


Tagging is the new feature in TTT that has made it unique from it's
predecessors. It allows you to choose two characters, with whom you can 
switch between during level gameplay. With Tekken already having the deep 
gameplay, tagging will give it a even larger push. With tagging, there are 
so many possibilties, I doubt everyone who loves Tekken will find out 
EVERYTHING about this game, I mean, hey, I'm sure we haven't found every 
combo possible in T3 alone, most maybe, but certainly not all, and I'm sure 
we will have a harder exploration time with TTT which makes it even more 
fun. The whole gameplay scene in Tekken is opened up a lot because of this 
one feature: Tagging.

=================
Tagging ingeneral
=================


The most obvious reason to use the tag button is to switch between your two 
characters, but tagging can also be used in lots of other ways. A good 
example is to recover from the ground. If you press the tag button once 
knocked down, you can recover while pressing the tag button to prevent 
getting okizeme-ed, you'll roll or walk off screen as you tag in your 
partner. The tag recover can be an advantage or disadvantage, if you tag 
recover after you are juggled or whatever, the opponent can just wait to 
counter your partner once he tags in instead of trying to okizeme you. Still 
other than that you must only tag recovery against those who try to okizeme 
you.

==============
The Tag-Escape
==============

The tagbutton is a great manuever as well to escape stuns like
Hwoarangs RFL,4(CH) and Julia's FC,df+2, to spare you from eating a high 
damage combo. The tag-escape I still find sucky overall, matches are less 
entertaining because of the tag-escape, there's less chance of landing some 
madd combo with Bryan off his WS+3(ch) as a crowd-pleaser or so to be said 
(including me).


=============
The Tag Throw
=============

Another option with the tag button in TTT is the
buddy-throw. This allows you to throw your opponent with both
your characters, with some savage-ass results. Unfortunately, you can only 
tag throw with Bryan off his backthrow, but when you do, the opponent takes 
one shitload of damage. What I don't like about TTT
is the fact that if one of your characters is dead, you've lost! C'mon
Namco, what's the point here! The matches are less fun then, are less long 
and less entertaining. This simply disappoints me. During all the previews 
on TTT, I was thinking about how cool it would be to beat both your 
opponents characters while you are only using one. That
would be so humiliating, hehe.

===========
Tag Combo’s
===========

Tagging also allows you to combo with your
tag-partner, allowing a buddy-combo. The following of Bryans moves are
taggable, thus making it possible to buddy-combo off it: the WS+1 and the 
b+1. Too bad Bryan doesn't have more tag starters, like Wang or Law, but 
these two do the trick very well. The b+1 looks just plain flashy to try a 
buddy combo after and the tag button allows guaranteed followups wether it 
connects or gets blocked, and is his best tag launcher, while ws_qcf+1 
launches up high enough to do the serious work, and is better suited to let 
bigger slower characters finish the job as well.


==============
Tag Cancelling
==============


Also you can confuse the opponent by canclling while you tag out, with a tag 
cancel. Tag cancelling is done by pressing Up/Backward right after you tag 
(5~U/B) and will cancel your character from tagging out for your partner. 
The best way to use the tag cancel is when you're under pressure with custom 
strings and pokes. Remember that it can be vital to cancel your tag-recovery 
from a knockdown. This will allow you to keep using Bryan AND you'll gain 
some spacing. You'll not only tag your partner in which has more life, but 
you'll also recover your health slowly when Bryan is out.

Tagging is one of the most crucial features since it can be useful in so 
many different ways. Make the right decisions, don't get careless, the tag 
feature can be your best friend or worst enemy.


====================
General Tagging Tips
====================

Here are some general tips you need to know when using the tag feature
extensively:

- Be sure that if you want to tag your partner in, you have got to make sure 
the opponent is knocked down or immobilized in some way, since your partner 
is very vulnerable when he/she tags in to get juggled or thrown. With a 
knockdown or stun, you can tag in your partner more safely as the opponent 
recovers. The best way is via a tag combo or tag throw.
- Be sure to counter everytime when the opponent tags in recklessly, either 
a juggle, Machpunch, throw, or just a simple 1,2 combo for set-up purposes.
- With Lei on his team, there is no Netsu Powerup for Bryan (you will see
some special start animations, but not like that's useful)
- When you use swaying for evasive purposes (see DASHING AND SWAYING
section), you can tag away and and let your partner counter once you tag in 
(most of the time the opponent recovers on time but it works best on attacks 
with slow recovery)
- It's a good idea to tag everytime when you've got around 50points of
damage left (with both characters) everytime to stay longer in the match. 
Example: You start with Bryan and Nina against a Julia and Wang player, and 
your Bryan gets hit by the opponents Wangs juggle which does around 50 
points of damage. You use a f+3 or another knockdown move to tag in Nina 
safely while Wang recovers. Now your Nina has full health and Wang lost 
around 25points, which puts you in the slight advantage in that situation. 
Wang cannot tag since he may be afraid your Nina will counter his Julia with 
a juggle, so if you manage to hurt Wang some more, lets say a few set-up 
pokes and a f,f+3 bad habit kick(it's just an example, so gimme a break), 
his life will be around 46points of damage and by that time, your Bryan 
might be fully healed to 100points due to the health recovery the tagged out 
partner gains to finish the job. What I'm trying to say is, if you use the 
tag feature and health recovery in your advantage if you think rational, you 
might win without comparing how strong yours and the opponents characters 
are against each other, but your largest weapon in Tekken is not always your 
skill or knowledge, but the most obvious thing you can imagine: THINKING. 
Damn straight. Your state of mind is your largest weapon, even greater than 
your knowledge or skill, I believe that if you know how to deal with ANY 
situation, in ANY game, THINKING is your best weapon.

============
Tag partners
============

A lot of characters play very well with Bryan. Here are good tips of picking 
a good team:
- Your partner must have good combo follow ups off Bryans taggable moves 
(ws+1, b+1)
- It's handy to pick a partner that doesn't have the weaknesses Bryan has. 
Example: Bryan lacks good low attacks, so find a character who has a useful 
amount of low hitting moves.
- Use a partner that suits your gamestyle.
- Pick a partner who is played in a completely different way than Bryan to 
force the opponent to play a different style against each character, 
sometimes this affects their strategy. Some strategies that work well 
against Bryan but not against your partner, which could be an advantage to 
you.
- Have fun, experiment and be a good sport, even if you don't have good day 
and play like shit.

============================
Teams recommended with Bryan
============================


Bryan/Wang: Well, some of you may disagree, but Wang is the most wellrounded 
character in the game, he has it all: power, jugglestarters, pokes, 
sidestep, powermoves, counters, throws, guaranteed followups, great combo 
ability, balanced in hitranges. The only thing he lacks is speed and he 
takes hits like a sissy. Still he is undeniably one of the weaker 
characters, but he ironically is the ideal tagpartners as well, because of 
his versatility. He is well suited as a partner despite what character you 
play. He has a lot more taggable moves than Bryan, the db+4,2 is awesome 
(tag Bryan in and use basic jabs, db+2 and other great juggle extensions to 
experimiment with great tag combo's), the df,DF+2+4 is taggable but 
escapable unlike Ogres. His d+4-mixups are almost as good as Julia's, his
SS+1+2 headbutt is a very great counter of the sidestep which stuns. His 
d+4, db+4 and SS+4 are good examples of useful low attacks that back up 
Bryans lack of them. A highly recommended team. Team rating: ****

Bryan/Ogre: LOL, a team of both characters I've written a FAQ of...why not? 
These two characters blend pretty well. Bryan lacks low attacks, while Ogre 
has a lot of them: FC+3,3,3_N+3, SS+4, d+4,  FC,df+2, f,f,N+3+4, db+4 to 
name some. Ogre has good pokes, but Bryan is a lot better with poking and 
custom strings, so Bryan will back Ogre up in that as well. Ogre has the 
ws+2, uf+4, Snake Kicks, df,DF+2+4 which are all great. Use Ogre to do 
damage, use Bryan to mix up with his string mixups, pokes and wake up games. 
This is also the team I personally like best (ain't that a suprise). The 
only problem is that both characters have only two special throws combined, 
which is just not enough, unfortunately. Team rating: ***

Bryan/Lee: Both characters have silver hair and camo clothes, but even
though their style in appearance is similair, their style in fighting is 
very different from each other. I'm still learning Lee, but I'm already 
convinced he is one of the awesomest characters in the game. He was seen as 
a Kazuya and Law combo in T2, but in TTT he has developed more of his own 
unique style. Even though Lee is one of the weaker characters, I definately 
want to know this character better in the future. Both characters are quick, 
but Bryan is more of a counterattacking combo monster, while Lee has more 
finesse and technique blended with fast kicks and punches. Catlord called 
Lee's trademark d+4,4,4,4 shinkick combo the Low Cheezekicks in his FAQ, and 
darn, do I agree with him, it's one of the cheapest attacks in the game, 
along with Ogres 4 and certainly backs up Bryans lack of low attacks alone. 
His HitMan Stance (3+4) is very awesome since it's got show off purposes as 
well, and he has jugglestarters off it (HMS,4 and HMS,2). His b+3~3~4 
counter is awesome as well. I have not experimented much with this team yet, 
but there's a good chance that this can be a dangerous team, since the 
different fighting styles might force the opponent to act differently 
against each character. Team rating: ***

Bryan/GunJack: Bryan and GJ are actually a pretty good team, even though I 
suck as a Jack player. GunJack has some great powerattacks and throws, while 
Bryan is great with the string mixups and counters, which make this a pretty 
good team. GunJacks heavy hitting style gels very well with Bryans quick and 
powerfull strings and poking tactics. Besides, GunJack has some great 
jugglestarters that make it easy for Bryan to finish the job with damaging 
linkers such as the b+2,1>2_>4 mixups and db+2 juggle extender. His Megaton 
upper juggles up very high to give you enough time to do more than enough 
aerial damage. Also, you've GOT to check this out if you don't know this by 
now: If GunJack connects with d+1+2 jugglestarter and tag in Bryan, do a 
standing jab...and well whaddaya know...you'll do an AUTOMATIC Right Upper 
into Fishermans Slam, woohoo!!! That's definately enough reason by itself to 
choose this team, gawd.....:). Team rating: *****

Bryan/Bruce: If you like kickboxing this is your obvious team. Bryan and 
Bruce have bot great quickness and mixups, but are both differently. The 
main purpose to use Bruce is damage. Blend his awesome df+2 jugglestarter 
with his pokes, that's the safest way to tag Bryan in to finish with a tag 
combo. I recommend picking Bruce first, since he has the abilty to damage 
your opponent badly and leave the leftovers to you, or so to say it. His 
1,2,4_d+4_f+4_3_f+3_1,2 is an awesome mixup surrounding the 1,2 punch combo, 
and if you mix up all enders evenly you can hurt the opponent real bad. Your 
best bet for a multi is to buffer the multi starter with a df+1+2 
(df+1+2,hold 1+2->f,n,d,df+4), for some solid set-up purposes. His f,f+2 has 
less priority than yours for attacking purposes, but it has a built in high 
punch reversal once countered. Off a ws+1 juggle with Bryan, you can tag 
Bruce in for some awesome tag combinations. Use Bruce do do big damage, and 
Bryan to counter the opponents errors with fast pokes and strings, or a 
juggle, to tag in Bruce for big damage. Team rating: ****

Bryan/Yoshimitsu: Yoshi is a great teammate to get under the opponents skin 
since he's the ultimate piss off character. His df+4 comes out slower in 
TTT, but his df+2 still avoids high attcks during it's mis frames. His NINJA 
BLADE RUSH (f,f+2) is an awesome move to counter when you know the opponent 
will whiff you and has a high piss off-rating. His SS+2 is a great new 
jugglestarter for Yoshi as well. Be sure to tag Bryan in if you connected a 
4~3 for some kewl tag combo's. But the obvious reasons why Yoshimitsu is the 
ultimate character to humiliate your opponent with are his unblockables. His 
db+1 still has great range and is often used as keep away attack and combo 
linker. Yoshi can piss the hell outta the opponent when using the b,b+1~1 
and u+1+2 for okizeme. Also his sword juggler (d+1+2) is an awesome new 
unblockable, and his b+1+4 is a mean counter and can be buffered with a b+1, 
also a great combo starter. And, OF COURSE, the bad breath (b+1+2~any), 
which is a great antipoke and combo starter, which is used to counter 
overoffensive characters, because it's non-counterable (it's duckable now in 
TTT though, which it wasn't in T3) and the BB-stance has an evasive tidbit 
as well. If you wanna beat the crap outta the opponent and piss him off at 
the same time this is your team of choice. Team rating: ***


----------------------------------------------------------------------


J.  POKING


Probably the only thing that's still as effective in TTT as in T3 is poking, 
one of the most essential techniques in Tekken today. Poking is basically 
making use of attacks with come out fast and recover fast, like basic jabs. 
Poking is a wide term, since it has more than one sole purpose. But poking 
is essential for the good allround Tekken game, you cannot really compete in 
higher level play without a solid poking game. There are all sorts of 
different ways to use poking effectively depending on what kind of situation 
you're in. There are different poking techniques which every play will be 
confronted with sooner or later in high level play. These techniques will be 
displayed underneath.

=======================
Basic poking techniques
=======================

- Offensive poking:

The most commonly used poking tactic. Basically, offensive poking refers to 
chaining fast attacks with fast recovery to each other for one sole purpose: 
pressure. If you keep staying in the opponents face with fast pokes and 
basic jabs, you will have less risk of retaliation, since the opponents 
counterattempts will most likely be interrupted with offensive poking. If 
you keep offensive with fast attacks, the frame advantage will always allow 
to to attack faster than the opponent unless you use slower attacks with 
longer recovery. Offensive poking and Set-up poking are often used in 
harmony which actually comes to the definition of custom stringing, which 
will be explained later in this guide.

Suitable attacks for offensive poking: 1/2/1,2/3,2/d+1/df+1/df+2/d+3/d+4

- Set-up Poking:

Setting up is basically using fast pokes to connect, to get the framing 
advantage needed to follow a attack for damage purposes (like a juggle 
starter, throw or powermove) without having much fear of retaliation. A good 
example is the simple 1,2 combo, which comes out fast AND recovers fast, so 
if you connect you will have the opportunity for a followup before the 
opponent can counter, because the recovery of the 2 will be faster than the 
recovery of the opponent from the impact, allowing you to punish that 
recovery with a throw or fast jugglestarter, before the opponent can 
interrupt you. If the opponent blocks you on time that's not a real problem 
either unless you've set up an attack with slow recovery which can be 
punished. The most important thing you need to know is that you must set-up 
an attack which is pretty safe in speed and recovery since it happens that 
the opponent might counter the move you've set up on time if your attempt 
comes out too slow. Set-up your fast jugglestarters, strings and throws and 
you should be able to use your set-up game without much risk of getting 
punished.

Set-ups:
1/2/1,2/d+3/d+4/d+1/3,2/df+2/d+3

Moves to set-up:
b+1/df+1,2/f,f+2/3,2,1,2_4/qcf_ws+1/qcf_ws+2(b+2)/qcf_ws+3/4/uf+4/uf+3/uf,N+4/f,f+4/1~4,3(3)/df+3/df+4/uf+3/f+1+4/any 
throw


- Interrupting:

Interrupting is actually more of a semi-definition of poking. Basically, 
interrupting is to stop the opponents attack with fast pokes. This can be 
either during the lagtimes between some (ten)strings or attacks that have a 
start-up.Interrupting is best done with fast pokes, and it also depends on 
the distance you are in, use long range pokes to interrupt attacks from a 
distance and shorter range pokes to interrupt up close. Estimate the speed 
of your interrupts and your opponents attack to interrupt their attacks 
safely, be sure to time right as well, since these days every whiffed attack 
can be punished no matter how good the recovery is.Interrupting occurs very 
commonly in harmony with offensive poking since it happens a lot that you'll 
interrupt the opponents counter attempt when you stay in his face with 
custom strings and set-ups due to the framing advantage you have gained.

Interrupts: 1(2)/2/d+1/d+4/df+2/4/d+3

- Keep away:

Keep away is not really considered a poking tactic, but most of the time, 
keep away is actually used as a defensive way of poking. The best way to 
indicate keep away tactics is keeping the opponent at a certain distance by 
constantly using (long range) pokes to discourage him to get into a hostile 
range. A good example is to keep a Paul player out of falling leaf range by 
constantly countering him with a fast long range attack everytime he tries 
to rush in to keep him at bay. Good keep away move is the standing 4, 
because it has awesome range and knocks down on CH, for you to either try 
okizeme or tag out safely. On non-CH it knocks the opponent backward a 
little, allowing you to gain some spacing. To mix up his standing 3 is also 
very handy since it hits mid and has great recovery. Another great keep away 
move is the WS+4, which keep the opponent at a distance to avoid getting 
countered whenever you try to execute from a chrouch, like when you try a 
C.O.M attempt. The d+3 has also a good keep away poke since it hits low and 
Bryan steps slightly forward before the kick giving it some extra range, and 
if it connect it's sets up well enough to link a df+2 pretty well. This kick 
is very suited for keep away since you won't have as much risk to get it 
countered from a distance like from up close. Another keep away move can be 
df+1,1,1,1, and might discourage a distanced opponent from rushing/jumping 
in on you, consider this as a "stay back" move. I wouldn't follow woth the 
Vulcan punch ender (..2), since good players will backdash and minor counter 
you. But keep away isn't always defined from long range attacks. A perfect 
other example of a keep away away tactic is after a blocked uf+4, where many 
intermediate to average players like to retaliate this move when blocked, 
but due to the great recovery of uf+4, you can easily do a standing or 
ducking jab to discourage the opponent from rushing in, this too is a form 
of keep away, and is materialized by attacks that are used as basic pokes. 
Do you see where I'm getting now?


Poking is essential in Tekken, but you don't have too see all these poking 
techniques as loose definitions. You can use all these poking techniques in 
harmony and blend them up. For instance, if you interrupt your opponent, you 
already have a set-up allowing you to stay offensive on the opponent with 
fast pokes and custom strings. Poking is the safest way to do your popular 
moves(throws, jugglestarters, powermoves, attacks strings) without risk of 
getting punished, and without necessairily waiting for counterhit 
opportunity. That's the main reason why I think it's one of the most 
important features in the entire game.


----------------------------------------------------------------------


K.  COMBO'S/JUGGLES


Comboing is a term that's used pretty much used in every fighting
game. For those who still don't know, a definition of a combo is a
combination of certain attacks which link together doing damage combined. 
Combo's are used in just about every fighting game I've played. Some combo 
systems are cheap (Killer Instinct, though I loved to play it really), some 
systems plainly suck (Mortal Kombat, the most krappiest kombo system of all 
beat 'em ups) and some have great quality (Tekken, Street Fighter, tha real 
work). Fortunately, comboing in Tekken is vital as far as doing damage goes, 
and in every match, you will be confronted with combo's wether you pull 'em 
or eat 'em wether it's a simple 2 punch combo, or a monstrous 120+ combo off 
one hellsweep by a crazy, coffee and coke addicted Jin-nutshell, comboing 
will stay in Tekken, and probably in every other popular beat'em
ups, one of the most deep features ever.

Bryan has lotsa different moves that set-up a combo:
uf,N+4    -Juggles-
SS+1~2    -Stuns on CH, tag escapable-
b+2,1...  -Staggers-
b+1       -Juggles (taggable)-
ws_qcf+1  -Juggles (taggable)-
QCB+2     -Juggles-
ws+2(b+2) -Second part juggles when first connects-
df+3      -Juggles-
uf+4      -Juggles-
f+4       -Juggles on CH-

- Side tip for beginners: In order to juggle effectively you must find good 
juggle extensions, which will keep your opponent in the air long enough to 
do more air damage. Good options are basic jabs and the db+2. Also, damaging 
juggle finishers are also important if you want to do good guaranteed 
damage, good attacks for Bryan here are the b+2,1 mixups, the f+4,3,4 and 
the f,f+2. Experiment with different combinations of different attacks after 
a jugglestarter (see above) to see what is effective and what doesn't. It's 
important to have good combo's with solid damage that are easy to remember, 
since good arcade players won't easily allow juggle opportunities after one 
or two tries, so make sure you have some good combo's ready, to take 
advantage of every juggle opportunity without getting startled everytime.

==========
Combo List
==========

If there are any errors in the list, please let me know, any notices of 
corrections will be thanked and credited.
On with the list......

qcf_ws+1:b+3,2,1;f,f+2
qcf_ws+1;b+3;1,2;f,f+2
qcf_ws+1;f+4;3,3
qcf_ws+1;d+2;b+3,4
qcf_ws+1;f+4,1,2;f,f+4
qcf_ws+1;d+2;F~1;f,f+2
qcf_ws+1;b+3,2,1;b+1
qcf_ws+1;1;b+2,1>2_4
qcf_ws+1;b+3;1~4,3,3
qcf_ws+1;b+2,1;1;f,f+2


b+2,1(CH);2;3,3
b+2,1(CH);1,2;f,f+2
b+2,1(CH);1,2,1;b+1
b+2,1(CH);1;f+4,3,4
b+2,1(CH);1;df+1,2
b+2,1(CH);df+1;1~4;f,f+2(big)
b+2,1(CH);QCF+3,1,f,f+2


b+1;d+2,1~4,3,3
b+1;1+3+4~f;1;f,f+4
b+1;1+3+4~b;1,2;f,f+2
b+1;1,2,1;f,f+2
b+1;2;b+2,1>2_4
b+1;d+2;1,2;f,f+2
b+1;f+4;d+2;1;df+2
b+1;1~4,f,f+2
b+1;1;3,3;f,f+2 (credit goes to aviax for this one
b+1;d+2;b+3,4
b+1;1;d+2;f,f+2



df+3;1,2;f,f+2
df+3;d+1;ws+3;d+3+4
df+3;ws+3;1;f,f+2
df+3;d+2;ws+3,4
df+3;ws+1+2;1,2;f,f+2
df+3;ws+3;1~4


QCB+2;1~4,3,3
QCB+2;d+1;ws+3
QCB+2;2;f,f+2
QCB+2;2;3,3
QCB+2;1;f,f+4
QCB+2;2;db+2;d+3
QCB+2;1~4;f,f+2
QCB+2;2;b+3,4
QCB+2;2;1~4,3,3


qcf_ws+2(f+2);2;f,f+4
qcf_ws+2(f+2);1~4(3)3
qcf_ws+2(f+2);b+2,1,2_4
qcf_ws+2(f+2);f+4(3)4
qcf_ws+2(f+2);1~4;f,f+2


uf+4;d+2;f+4,3,4
uf+4;d+2;1;f,f+2
uf+4;2;1~4,3,3
uf+4;1,2;f,f+4
uf+4;d+2;df+1,2
uf+4;d+2;d+2;1~4,3,3
uf+4;1,2,1;f,f+2


uf,N+4;b+3;1,2;f,f+2
uf,N+4;1,2,1,f,f+2
uf,N+4;1;f+4,3
uf,N+4;b+2,1,2_4
uf,N+4;2;3,3


WS+3(ch);instant ws+1;b+3,2,1;f,f+2
WS+3(ch);instant ws+1;b+3;N~f~2;f,f+2
WS+3(ch);instant ws+1;b+3;f~1~4,(3),3
WS+3(ch);b+1;d+2;1,2;f,f+2
WS+3(ch);b+1;1;d+2;f~,1~4,3,3
WS+3(ch);uf+4;df+2;f+4,3,4
WS+3(ch);uf+3;1;f,f+2
WS+3(ch);uf+3;1,2,(1),2
WS+3(ch);instant ws+2~f+2;b+2,1,4
WS+3(ch);QCB+2;1~4;f,f+2(hard)
WS+3(ch);QCB+2;2;1~4,3,3

Number of combo’s listed: 72



Any questions, comments or corrections on these combo's will be appreciated, 
E-mail me at renickironfist@hotmail.com if you have something to add. Here 
are some combo's that are displayed with courtesy by Reverend C:

b+1:
1,d+2, 1,4
d+2, 1,4,(3),3

WS+1:
b+2,1,4

WS+2~f+2:
1,4,(3),3

df+3:
WS+3, 1,4
WS+3, 1,(2),1,4

uf+4:
1,d+2, 1,4
d+2, f+4,3,4

QCB+2_UF,n+4:
b+2,1,4
d+2, 1,4,(3),3


The following combo's are sent by devil demunyu
(lord_devildemunyu@hotmail.com):

b+1:
    db+2, db+2, 1,4,(3),3
    db+2, db+2, f+4,3
    db+2, f+4,3,4

uf+4:
    db+2, db+2, 1,4,(3),3
    db+2, db+2, f+4,3
    db+2, f+4,3,4


I want to thank Reverend C (reverend_c@yahoo.com) and devil demunyu
(lord_devildemunyu@hotmail.com) for adding their combo's to my list, and 
they will be credited for their generosity.


----------------------------------------------------------------------


L.  CUSTOM STRINGS

The essence of custom strings is growing larger in Tekken everytime.
Custom strings basically are fast attacks with fast recovery glued together 
to keep the opponent from attacking you. You are more or less playing a 
"block or get hit" game with your opponent. The best way to use custom 
strings is after interrupts or when the opponent is immobilized. Custom 
strings are also great to set up certain attacks/throws with fast pokes, 
those attacks are displayed at the end of each "string". The following 
custom strings I tend to use are:

df+2->1~4->buffer into f+1+4
df+2->1~4->d+1->buffer into FC,df,d,DF+1+2
df+2->1~4->df+2->d+4
df+2->1~4->d+1->ws+1
df+2->1~4->d+1->ws+2~b+2
df+2->1~4->d+1->ws+3
df+2->1~4->d+1->ws+4
df+2->1~4->N,3,2->buffer into 2+4
df+2->1~4->N,3,2->1,2->f,f+2
df+2->1~4->N,3,2->1,2->df+2
df+2->1~4->N,3,2->1,2->buffer into 2+4
df+2->1~4->N,3,2->1,2->d+4
df+2->1~4->N,3,2->1,2,1,2_4
df+2->1~4->df+2->buffer into 2+4
df+2->1,2->df+2->buffer into 2+4
df+2->1,2->df+2->1,2(and repeat)
df+2->1,2->df+2->1,2,3
df+2->1,2->df+2->1,2,1,2_4
df+2->1,2->df+1,2
df+2->1,2->uf+4
df+2->1,2->3,2,1,2_4
df+2->1,2->b+1
df+2->1,2->f,f+2
df+2->1,2->d+4->df+2
df+2->1,2->d+4->f,f+2
df+2->1,2->d+4->3,2,1,2_4
df+2->1,2->d+4->4
df+2->1,2->4
df+2->1,2->uf+3
df+2->1,2->f,f+4
df+2->1,2->df+3
df+2->1,2,3->f,f+2
df+2->d+1->buffer into FC,df,d,DF+1+2
df+2->d+1->ws+4
df+2->d+1->ws+3
df+2->d+1->ws+2(~b+2)
df+2->d+1->ws+1
df+2->d+1->uf+4

As you can see, the df+2 is an excellent way to gain pressure, it
guardstuns, puts you in range for close quarter attacks and sets up very 
well. You can also follow these custom strings after a connected d+3 or d+4 
since the df+2 links very well afterwards.

1,2->df+2->d+1->buffer into FC,df,d,DF+1+2
1,2->df+2->d+1->ws+1
1,2->df+2->d+1->ws+2(~b+2)
1,2->df+2->d+1->ws+3
1,2->df+2->d+1->ws+4
1,2->df+2->d+1->ws+4->b,b+4
1,2->df+2->d+1->uf+4
1,2->df+2->df+1,2
1,2->df+2->df+1->buffer into 1+3
1,2->df+2->buffer into 2+4
1,2->df+2->1~4->3,2,1,2_4
1,2->df+2-?1~4->f+1+4
1,2->df+2->1,2,3
1,2->df+2->1,2,1,2_4
1,2->df+2->2->buffer into 2+4
1,2->df+2->2->f,f+2
1,2->df+2->2->f,f+4
1,2->df+2->2->d+3_d+4
1,2->df+2->2->b+1
1,2->df+2->2->uf+4
1,2->df+2->2->uf+3
1,2->df+2->2->df+3
1,2->df+2->2->3,2,1,2_4
1,2->df+2->2->4
1,2->df+2->d+4->f,f+2
1,2->df+2->1~4->f,f+2
1,2->d+4->f,f+2
1,2->d+4->3,2,1,2_4
1,2->d+4->b+1
1,2->d+4->f,f+4
1,2->d+4->uf+4
1,2->d+4->uf+3
1,2->d+4->buffer into f+1+4 unblockable.
1,2->d+4->df+1,2
1,2->d+4->4
1,2->d+4->b,b+4
1,2->f,f+2
1,2->b+1
1,2->uf+4
1,2->df+4
1,2->3,2,1,2_4
1,2->4
1,2->df+1,2
1,2->buffer into 2+4
1,2->uf+3
1,2->f+1+4
1,2->1+2
1,2->df+3


Do you see the productivity of a simple two punch combo now? The awesomeness 
of this move is the great frame advantage you gain after the second punch, 
making it great for custom strings. You may see a lot of strings where it's 
followed, but that because of the simple fact that the df+2 in UNCOUNTERABLE 
if the 1,2 connects, and with the blockstun it causes and it's ranging, this 
will give Bryan one of the best, if not THE best custom string ability in 
the game. Some of you might find the df+2->1~4 into f+1+4-string somewhat 
awkward, but it's a great manuever if the opponent attempts to rush in after 
the 1~4 just buffer with the f+1+4 (1-hold 1-~4-hold 4-f+1), it'll come out 
quicker then expected and may avoid the opponents counterattack and he will 
get caught in the unblockable instead.


I partly credit ETP, his cool article at Inside Tekken inspired me of
putting a custom string section in this FAQ. Nice goin', dude.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

M.  THROWS AND COUNTERS:


This section will display in more detail than the move analysis how to use 
Bryans throws, special counters and parries effectively, and several 
strategies around them. You cannot always rely on fast pokes and your string 
mixups everytime, that's when your throws and counters often become you most 
useful weapons.

========
Throwing
========

Apart from punches and kicks, throwing is another important attack method in 
TTT. Even with characters who lack throws should use them, since most throws 
can only escaped at the start-up. If you cloak your throw attempt well with 
your fast pokes and attack strings, you should be able to suprise your 
opponent before they get the reaction to hit the escape. A very good example 
is to buffer your throw with your fast pokes, not only for a faster 
execution, but if your poke connects, it'll often set you up for your throw 
attempt. You can throws after a stun or even during the mid frames of some 
moves. Throws can be executed standing or crouching, even off a rolldash or 
sway. Be sure to estimate the distancing of Bryans throw range, since a 
missed throw attempt will be punished. Still I wish Bryan has at least one 
more special throw, since I think he still lacks in amounts of throw, and it 
would've been great to give Bryan a new throw. Here is a small summary on 
all of Bryans throws.

- Regular Throws

1+3/2+4(front): Bryans basic frontal throws are probably the throw you'll 
use the most. Mix them both up well to force the opponent into a guessing 
game with the escape. These throws can be done off a ducking position as 
well, many opponents don't seem to expect that, which is a good think. It's 
also very effective to throw off the sway for a little evasive tactics, back 
away once the opponent attacks, and they might run into a throw. After the 
2+4, a FC+3 is guaranteed, and after the 1+3 throw a d+3 or d+4 is also 
guaranteed I think, but I'm not entirely sure, it might be a on big 
characters only. If you hit them with d+4 after the throw and you know 
they're gonna tech, you can quickly buffer into another throw. Anyways, it's 
too bad none of his frontal throws can be tagged. Use Bryans frontal throws 
if the opponent techrolls, recovers standing or is vulnerable up close.
1+3 - Escape: 1
2+4 - Escape: 2

1+3/2+4(from the opponents side):
Use sidethrows whenever you've successfully sidestepped the opponents attack 
and when you are within range. They are sometimes a pain to time since 
you'll most likely pull a SS+2 or SS+1 instead. That sucks, since you have 
to either buffer it with a 1 or 2 before you Sidestep (1,hold 1,SS+3/2,hold 
2,SS+4), or buffer with a SS+2(CH) (SS+2,hold 2->4). If else, you must wait 
about a half a second before you recover from your SideStep, but's about all 
the opponent needs to recover and counterattack you. The best way to do a 
sidethrow attempt is to buffer with a standing jab before the Sidestep, 
since it won't happen often the opponent is vulnerable with his side towards 
you. Your best bet is after a successful techroll. Never hesitate to go for 
a sidethrow when you end up at the opponents side after a sidestep or 
techroll.
Left Sidesthrow - Escape: 1
Right Sidesthrow - Escape: 2

1+3/2+4(on backturned opponent)
Backthrowing is something which occurs in a select few situations, like to 
counter moves such as Devils lasers, Hwoarangs f,f+4, P.Jacks 3+4, Yoshi's 
Deathcopter, Julia's Earthquake Stomp and after sidestepping moves that are 
linear and travel a long distance, like a Thunder Godfist or Kings f+2+3, 
just about any situation where the opponents back is vulnerable to you. 
Connect a backthrow, and your opponent loses around 61points of damage, and 
on top of that, this is Bryans only taggable throw, so if you tag off it, 
the already heavy damage will be increased even more, and the character 
you've tagged in via the tag throw should be able to finish the job if the 
opponent isn't dead yet, since such a headstart in damage should be taken
advantage of. Still whatever you do, don't try backthrowing on Lings and 
Lei's, you'll most likely end up thrown or juggled. A note about Bryans 
backthrow is that it can be teched if you don't tag it.

- Special Throws:

FC,df,d,DF+1+2: This is Bryans only special throw, so it is recommended to 
use it every once in a while. This is possible one of the coolest looking 
throws in the game, does good damage and is really not as hard to pull as it 
seems, if the arcade has good sticks I can get it 100% when I'm not playing 
cocky. You have to be in full chrouch, and the last DF has to be held down 
before you do the 1+2, it really doesn't take that much practice. To avoid 
getting countered, you have to set up this throw up, since you are left 
vulnerable during the execution time. A good way to increase it's execution 
time and decrease the chance getting countered you can buffer this throw in 
the following ways:

- With a d+1 lowjab. The most common of them all, if the d+1 hits, it'll set 
up just that bit for you to connect the FC,df,d,DF+1+2. The more you do it 
the faster you can get the throw to connect. This is a definition of a 
crouch buffer.

- With a lowparry. This trick is used by the hardcore players. The lowparry 
animation puts you in FC just long enough to pull the Chains of Misery. It's 
a bit harder than with a d+1, but once you can do it, you can buffer 
FC,df,d,DF+1+2 with much greater effect.

- With a rolldash. This can be tricky at first but it's actually pretty 
effective. During the rolldashes mid-grames, you should be in FC position, 
for you to do a FC,df,d,DF+1+2. This is very useful, since the rolldash 
avoids high attacks, in order to pop up with the Chains of Misery easily.

Be sure to learn all three ways how to buffer this move to stay
unpredictable with it. The Chains of Misery is the ultimate
piss-your-opponent-off throw, even better than the Mad Axes, because of that 
laugh, that cold hearted laugh alone, MuhuHaHaHaHaHah!!!!! But seriously the 
Chains of Misery is a great alternative of a WS-move in matches, and once 
you've learned how to execute it safely, you can only pull it off faster and 
faster. Also, a very recommended site to go is E-MANS site 
http://www.geocities.com/tekkenmanila where an awesome movie is featured on 
the ways to buffer the Chains of Misery. Meanwhile, listen to the 
soundtrack, and you'll see how nasty logic thinking can be, 
MuhuHaHaHah!!!!!!!

========
Chickens
========

Chickens are used to counter the opponent's high mid attack-reversals
(Jin, Wang, Jun, Paul, Nina and Anna). This has to be done fast, so  you 
might not get the timing everytime. An easy trick for that is to buffer your 
attack with either f+1+3 or f+2+4 (depending if your attack is left or 
right) if you feel you'll get reversed.

Important moves to buffer:
df+1,2      - Chicken: f+2+4(2nd hit)
1~4,3,3     - Chicken: f+1+3(3rd or 4th hit)
b+1         - Chicken: f+1+3
ws_qcf+1    - Chicken: f+1+3
f,f+2       - Chicken: f+2+4
f,f+3       - Chicken: f+1+3
f,f+4       - Chicken: f+2+4
b,b+4       - Chicken: f+2+4
df+2        - Chicken: f+2+4
db+2        - Chicken: f+2+4
b+2,1,2_4   - Chicken: f+1+3(2nd hit) f+2+4 (1st and 3rd hit)
QCB+2       - Chicken: f+2+4
ws_qcf+2    - Chicken: f+2+4
3,2,1,2_4   - Chicken: f+1+3(1st hit)
uf+4        - Chicken: f+2+4
uf+3        - Chicken: f+1+3
b+3,2,1,2_4 - Chicken: f+1+3 (1st hit) f+2+4 (2nd hit)
df+4        - Chicken: f+2+4
f+4,3,4     - Chicken: f+2+4 (1st and 3rd hit) f+1+3(2nd hit)
ws_qcf+3    - Chicken: f+1+3

Against reversal happy players, it's a good tactic to bait them into a
Chicken everytime, especially since the chicken does damage to the opponent. 
By buffering your Chicken it allows you to execute faster, and lets you gain 
some spacing again, since the opponent canot tag out during their recovery 
of a chicken. In the "Buffering" section more on how to exactly buffer a 
Chicken.


=============
Throw Escapes
=============

Escaping throws is more common the more you do it. Most throws have
single button escapes(1 or 2), some are escaped with two buttons pressed 
simultaneously (1+2). Throw escapes are the main reason why throwing 
shouldn't be called cheap. Escaping throws can be tricky at times, you have 
to have good anticipation, since most throws can only be escaped at the 
start-up. There are some tricks for throw escapes:
- If the throw is executed with a right attack (i.e. Baek/Hwoarangs
f,f+2, King/Armor Kings db,f+2) the escape is most likely 2.
- If the throw is executed with both punches simultaneously(1+2) attack 
(i.e. Yoshi's qcb+1+2, Kuma's hcb,f+1+2) the most common escape is a 1+2.
- If the throw is executed with a left attack (i.e.GunJacks qcf+1
Roger/Alex' hcf+1) the most common escape is 1.
- All basic front throws are escaped with either 1 (1+3) or 2 (2+4).
- All tackles are escaped with 1+2.


But there are lots of exceptions to this rule underneath, it was pretty time 
consuming to test these out, I couldn't confirm all escapes so any help will 
be credited. I'm sure I didn't post all throw-escapes, so mail me if I 
forgot something. Here are the exceptions:

Kuma/Panda:
f,f+1+4 - escape: 1+2

Jack-2:
df+2+4 - escape: 2

Anna:
df,df+1 - escape: 1+2
qcf+1+2 - escape: 2
uf+3 - escape: 2 (unconfirmed)

Wang:
df,DF+2+4 - escape: 1+2

Baek:
db+1+3 - escape: 1+2

Jun:
df+2+3 - escape: 2

Julia:
df+1+2 - escape: 2
d,db+1+3 - escape: 2
qcb,f+2 - escape: 1+2

Prototype Jack:
db+2+3 - escape: 1+2

Jin:
df+2+3 - escape: 2
qcb+1+2 - escape: 1

Gun Jack
db+2+3 - escape: 2
f,f+2+3 - escape: 2
df+2+4 - escape: 2
d+1+3 - escape: 1+2

Michelle:
df+1+2 - escape: 2

Nina:
df,df+1 - escape: 1+2
qcf+1+2 - 2(?)

Paul:
b+2+3 - escape: 2

King:
df+2+3 - escape: 2

Ling:
f+2~1 - escape: 1+2

Ganryu:
f,f+2+3 - escape: 1+2

Hwoarang:
qcb+3 - escape: 2
d,db+1+3 - escape: 1+2

Lee:
f,f+3+4 - escape: 1

Kunimitsu:
db+1+3 - escape: 1+2

A lot of times you have to put up a guessing game with throw escapes, there 
are some easy tricks for that. A well known one is to press 
1,2,1,2,1,2,1,2...etc. which gives you a fifty fifty chance of an escape. If 
you are not sure wether it'll be a two button or 1 button escape, a good way 
is to buffer it with  a standing jab (i.e. 1(hold 2)1). If you do it fast 
enough and the 1 button won't do, the buffer will escape the throw (if it 
requires a 1+2 escape).


=============
The low parry
=============

Bryans low parry can be done with either db_d+2+4 and db_d+1+3. It will 
parry all low attacks in the game, and -some- Special Mid attacks, like 
lowjabs. The opponent cannot tag away when recovering from a lowparry. If 
it's a kick attack, Bryan will have a larger frame advantage than after a 
parried punch attack. A successful parried right kick will set up a uf+4 
(obvious followup), but the ws_qcf+1 is also possible, b+1 or ws+3 will do 
fine, you can also try a 3,2,1-mixup, but I'm not sure if this is effective. 
After a right punch parry, you should use faster attacks, like the df+2, 
df+1,2, standing 4 or d+3, since the opponent recovers faster after a 
parried punch, and the uf+4 isn't guaranteed afterwards. Another version of 
the low parry is D/F while timing with the opponents low or special mid 
attack, this is a lowparry everyone possesses but will give you less framing 
advantage than the regular d+1+3/d+2+4 parry. To time this lowparry can be 
tricky, you won't see a an animation while pressing D/F whiffed, so it takes 
a lot better timing to execute. This is an important attack for those 
characters who don't have any parry or reversal, but Bryan already has the 
normal lowparry which is a lot better, so stick with that.


==================
The punch reversal
==================

Like Laws, Bryans punch reversal (b+1+2~2) is not escapable, but the
advantage he has over Laws that it can be timed with more ease. Once you've 
reversed the opponents punch attack, press 2, a right punch reversal will 
cause a df+2 automatically a left punch reversal with an auto-f,f+2, and 
both are guaranteed, and the reversal cannot be tagged out of as well. The 
machpunch followup knocks down and you can rush in with some okizeme, and 
the df+2 allows you the proceed your offense, because of it's set-up 
ability. This makes Bryan almost invincible against the Jacks, Kuma and 
other characters that rely mostly on punch attacks, if you know how to use 
the punch reversal, there's almost no way you can lose against them. You 
can’t reverse the Mishima EWGF unfortunately, credit goes out to both Aviax 
and Brennan Swan for the notices on that. The punch reversal can save you 
out of lots of tight situations, if used correctly, don't ever block a punch 
attack you know you can punch reverse it instead, believe me the price is 
too rewarding.



----------------------------------------------------------------------

N.  BUFFERING


Buffering is an advanced tactic which allows you to execute moves
differently and faster, by cancelling them into each other. Buffering is a 
very wide term, like poking, since it can be used in so many different 
forms. Buffering is used during custom strings, escaping, juggles and 
multiparts. Dashbuffering, Crouchbuffering and Buttonbuffering are the most 
common forms, but you can also buffer with lowparries, throwing, multiparts, 
throw escapes, chickens and unblockables, even taunts. This section will 
give you info on the most common forms of buffering in high level play.

=============
Dashbuffering
=============

Dashbuffering is done in harmony with either a forward and backward dash and 
the rolldash or sway. The trick is to cancel the dash into a the rolldash or 
sway: Rolldash/forward dash d,df,f,f, Sway/backward dash: d,db,b,b. The 
first "f" or "b" motion in the dash is already built in the Rolldash or 
Sway, all you have to do afterwards is quickly press f or b to have you dash 
cancelled in your sway or rolldash. d,df,f,f is great if you want to execute 
of your f,f-moves from longer distances, and d,db,b,b works very well for 
evasive tactics. Here are some options with dash buffering:
Forward Dash into Rolldash buffer:
f,f+2 ------> d,df,f,f+2
f,f+3 ------> d,df,f,f+3
f,f+4 ------> d,df,f,f+4
Backward Dash into Sway buffer:
b,b+4 ------> d,db,b,b+4

- Sidenote: You can also use the rolldash to buffer moves off the crouch, 
like the ws-moves for instance, but also, the C.O.M throw:

FC,df,d,DF+1+2 ------> QCF,df,d,DF+1+2

The rolldash puts you in FC position in it's mid frames, you only have to do 
the rest of the C.O.M motion to pull it easily. The rolldash goes under high 
attacks, which is useful, but it also increases the distance the throw 
reaches, mix this up well with your QCF moves, the opponent may block and 
gets caught in the throw instead.


================
Button Buffering
================

Button Buffering is another common buffering method in TTT. Basically is 
cancelling attacks with single button commamds (standing jabs, for instance) 
with double button commands (basic throws i.e.). To name a small example 
standing 1 into 1+3 throw with Bryan. What you do is to press and hold the 1 
and then press 3 while holding it. You will do 1+3 a lot faster than if you 
follow it normally.

Here's another schematic display:

1~4 into f+1+4------>1~4(hold 4)f+1

Easy enough, eh? But that's only a tiny example, but very useful, since the 
opponent may try to advance after the 1~4 and get hit in the f+1+4 instead.

Here are some other button buffering methods with certain attacks.

d+4 into d+3+4------>d+4(hold d+4)3 (Two lowhitting kicks cancelled into 
each other, with Bryans lack of low attacks, I would'nt call this a bad 
option)

3 into d+3+4------>3(hold 3)d+4 (Wow, if you look how fast the d+3+4 can be 
followed after the 3 it almost seems like a canned combo, but unfortunately 
it isn't)

d+4 into f+1+4------>hold d+4(hold 4)f+1 (very useful if the opponent tries 
to rush in after the shin kick, and get caught in the unblockable which is 
executed faster, besides the fact that the f+1+4 goes under high attacks, 
and may avoid the opponents retaliation attempt after the d+4 has connected.

- Button Buffering throws:

Throws are my favourite types of attacks to buffer, since they can be
buffered with almost any attack Bryan has.

1 into 1+3------>1(hold 1)3 (The safest way to buffer into a throw possible, 
if you button buffer a simple left jab with a throw, it'll combo with the 
throw)

df+2 into 2+4------>df+2(hold 2)4 (Also very good, if the df+2 connects the 
throw comes out pretty fast, but if it's blocked, the blockstagger allows 
you to buffer your throw without too much risk)

df+1 into 1+3------>df+1(hold 1)3 (Once the df+1 connects, a buffered throw 
afterwards comes out very quick, I'm suprised this doesn't combo, like Pauls 
df+1 into df+1+2, but still very useful nonetheless)

d+3 into 1+3------>d+3(hold 3)3 (Another useful way to buffer frontal
throws, since many may not expect you to buffer with a shin kick, so this 
can be a good alternative to buffer a throw, not always with punch attacks, 
but kick attacks as well)

db+2 into 2+4------>db+2(hold 2)4 (Due to the lift stun the db+2 causes, 
it'll set up just that bit to buffer the throw safely)

uf+4(blocked)into 2+4------>uf+4(hold 4)2 (Pretty useful to do when the uf+4 
is blocked, since it recovers fast enough to buffer a throw before the 
opponent can react, to catch them off guard with a suprise attack)

b+1(blocked)into 1+3------>b+1(hold 1)3 (This is not bad because of the fact 
that that the b+1 blockstaggers a bit, giving you a good opportunity to 
buffer it with a throw, though this isn't guaranteed)

df+4(blocked)into 2+4------>df+4(hold 4)2 (Kinda the same idea as with the 
b+1 into 1+3)

ws+3 into 1+3------>ws+3(hold 3)1 (I tend to buffer a throw with the rising 
knee, only when it hits on non-counter or when it's blocked because of the 
good recovery of the knee, you can also do it when it gets the CH stun, but 
there are lots of better followups)


- How to buffer Chickens:

Remember the part about chickening in the "Throws and Counters section", 
well here, it'll be shown how to buffer them easily. If you feel your get 
attack reversed, you must buffer your Chicken the same way as you would with 
throws but faster:

df+1,2      - Chicken: f+2+4(2nd hit)--->df+1,2(hold 2)f+4
1~4,3,3     - Chicken: f+1+3(3rd or 4th hit)--->1~4,3,3(hold 3)f+1
b+1         - Chicken: f+1+3--->b+1(hold 1)f+3
ws_qcf+1    - Chicken: f+1+3--->ws+1(hold 1)f+3
f,f+2       - Chicken: f+2+4--->f,f+2(hold f and hold 2)4
f,f+3       - Chicken: f+1+3--->f,f+3(hold f and hold 3)1
f,f+4       - Chicken: f+2+4--->f,f+4(holf f and hold 4)2
b,b+4       - Chicken: f+2+4--->b,b+4(hold 4)f+2
df+2        - Chicken: f+2+4--->df+2(hold 2)f+4
db+2        - Chicken: f+2+4--->db+2(hold 2)f+4
QCB+2       - Chicken: f+2+4--->QCB+2(hold 2)f+4
ws_qcf+2    - Chicken: f+2+4--->ws+2(hold 4)f+4
uf+4        - Chicken: f+2+4--->uf+4(hold 4)f+2
uf+3        - Chicken: f+1+3--->uf+3(hold 3)f+1
df+4        - Chicken: f+2+4--->df+4(hold 4)f+2
f+4         - Chicken: f+2+4--->f+4(hold f and hold 4)2
qcf_ws+3    - Chicken: f+1+3--->ws+3(hold 3)f+1

Buffering is the fastest way to pull a Chicken once reversed. Always buffer 
the Chicken if you attack first against a reversal happy player, the more 
you do it the easier chickening becomes.


================
Crouchbuffering
================

Crouchbuffering can be done in every FC-move in the game, it's done by
cancelling moves that END in FC-position (recover in a crouch) and moves 
that BEGIN in FC position (executed FROM a crouch). A good and wellknown 
example is the simple d+1 lowjab. Examples of moves executed from FC are 
Julia's FC,df+2 and Pauls FC,df+2,2_1. If they are cancelled into each other 
with a low jab, you'll get d+1,df+2(Julia) d+1,df+2,2_1(Paul). This is a 
crouch buffer:

Moves that recover in FC(i.e.d+1) -----> Moves that begin in FC(i.e.FC,df+2)

You can more or less say the FC-position can be used as a transmission
medium to cancel two moves in one, which defines , of course, the
crouchbuffer. Bryan has only one move which can be crouch buffered,
FC,df,d,DF+1+2 throw, the most popular example is d+1,df,d,DF+1+2. Even 
better, it can be chrouchbuffered and buttonbuffered at the same time, 
allowing an even faster execution:

d+1(hold 1),df,d,DF+2

Plainly this is the easiest way to buffer the Chains of Misery, you can pull 
a C.O.M just as fast with this after a d+1 as following a regular WS-move, 
which is just awesome. Not only the easiest way to execute the C.O.M, but 
also the SAFEST way.

But you can crouchbuffer with two other ways: via a lowparry animation and 
via a jump. The lowparry puts you in FC not that long but is very effective 
as a crouch buffer set-up once mastered, but the jump crouchbuffer is easier 
to do, but takes more risk.

Lowparry crouch buffer:

d+1+3(hold 1)df,d,DF+2

You have to be very fast to pull this, but once you get it down, the C.O.M 
seems to come out almost instantly. I can get it about 70%, but it can be 
damn tricky, I cannot do it in the heat of battle. This is often used by the 
very skilled among us.

Crouchbuffer with a jump:
If you hop or jump the final frames once you hit the ground will put you in 
FC position. It's best to jump either straight up or backwards, since the 
forward u/f jump leaves you vulnerable:

u_u/b,N,df,d,DF+1+2

I barely use this form of crouchbuffering, but the u/b version may work 
against players who keep rushing in, and might not expect the throw and get 
caught in it. The most important thing you need to know is that you can only 
buffer here once you've hit the ground.

As you can see, crouchbuffering is a very versatile form of buffering, and 
can suprise the hell out of the opponent, since it's an awesome method to 
cloak your attacks in a particular execution your opponent might not expect.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

O.  RECOVERY


Recovery is another essential part of the all-round Tekken game. To recover 
from the ground the safest way depends a lot on what the opponent does. 
There are lots of ways to recover, and I'll display how I think the 
different ways to recover from the ground should be used.

- Recover Standing:
To recover standing, you have to press up when you're grounded. This is the 
safest way to recover from the ground if you're knocked down from a distance 
and once you are on two feet again you can still block the opponents 
additional attacks. But if be predictable with recovering standing, the 
opponent might use low or attacks once you get up, or a fast juggle starter 
or fast mid attack up close, like a hopkick or tilesplitter (Paul/Hei's 
d+1).

- Recover crouching:
To recover in your chrouch press u~D once you get knocked down, this can be 
useful when the opponent keeps rushing in on you from a small distance, to 
counter with a ws+3 knee or ws+1 juggle starter. If they expect you to 
recover standing and use sweep or so, you can block it on time with the 
crouch recovery. Watch out for overheads, you might want to use a d+1 as 
interrupt if you want to recover in your crouch safely, more than enough to 
discourage an opponent to rush in for a minor counter.

- Roll backwards/forwards:
Roll backwards with b while grounded and f to roll forwards. Use this to 
avoid attacks such as a regular uf+2, ground pounces, or Julia's uf+3+4, and 
other mid attacks that hit grounded opponents, but rolling backwards or 
forwards exposed to the opponent, he'll have a great time pummeling you with 
okizeme. A lot of intermediate players seem to roll backwards almost 
automatically, which is bad thing, if you roll after every knockdown you are 
very vulnerable to the ranged opponent. Use at the right times. The best way 
to use rolling is in harmony with the Cross Chop (f+1+2) or reverse flip 
(b+3+4).

- Sideroll:
Siderolling can be done with d+1,N and will put you in face down position. 
This is very safe if opponents use okizeme attacks that are too linear, this 
will avoid King/Armor King/Rogers 
alikicks.Heihachi/Jin/Devil/Kazuya/Ogre/True Ogres 4~3 and Yoshi's db+1 if 
timed right. Great to use, pretty safe option to recover if you time right.

- Recover with sweep (3):
Recovering with the sweep it useful when the opponents whiffs an okizeme 
attempt (this happens more often than some may think) for a fast knockdown . 
Still, the sweep isn't really a recovery method that is reliable, since good 
players will stay out of it's range and minor counter your recovery.

- Recover with mid kick (4):
Use as a mixup with the sweep but like the sweep, this can be parried, good 
players will also stay out of range and punish your recovery.

- Roll ->Reverse Handspringkick:
While rolling you can press b+3+4 to jump up with a flip that'll hit the 
opponent. This is great when the opponent has knocked you away with a 
Deathfist or other move that knocks far away for a suprising counter. Still, 
it's best used when the opponent rushes in instead of when he's just 
standing still in anticipation, since you end up backturned after you flip 
upwards, and if it's blocked or whiffled, you might get punished.

- Roll->Diving Punch:
During your roll press f+1+2 to do dive at your opponent with your fists 
lunging forward. This is a great way to recover and connects very often, 
even from smaller distances. It comes out as a sort of suprise attack, great 
for wake up games. The only con this type of recovery has is the fact that 
it can be sidestepped pretty easily.

- The Techroll:
Techrolling allows you to instantly recover from the ground pressing 
1~4~3~4, after a knockdown with a quick sidewards roll. This is very useful 
when you get juggled, since you might tech away from it to spare you some 
damage and perhaps get guaranteed hits or a sidethrow opportunity. 
Techrolling is also useful in okizeme to spare some damage. But if a skilled 
opponent just waits at a distance, and you techroll, you won't be able to 
block on time, since techrolls can be punished by many attacks if you don't 
time them right or use them before the opponent attacks you.

- The Tag Recovery:
You can recover from the ground pressing 5 as you roll off screen to tag in 
your partner. The tag recovery may be a very good way to avoid getting 
okizeme, but smart players will just counter your teammate with a juggle or 
whatever once he tags in. A good way to avoid that is to tag cancel (5~u/b) 
before you roll off screen just to stay out of range via the tag recover, 
and to maybe even fool the opponent as
well.



----------------------------------------------------------------------

P.  COUNTERING


Countering is something you'll get involved in a lot during your matches. 
The word alone speaks for itself, a counterattack is an attack that hits the 
opponent during their own attack, wether it's during the start-up or 
recovery. A counter is usually done by fast attacks that interrupt slower 
attacks, but not necessairely, it all depends on the way to time a move, and 
at what distance. A good example is the WS+3 which is nearly uncounterable 
from a small
distance but easily counterable up close. If you counter the opponents 
attack, your attack will most likely do a bit more damage, like the Mach 
Punch. Some attacks, like the WS+3 , will have a different effect when it 
counters, when some attacks hit normally on non-counterhit, they'll stun or 
juggle when you do counter or knock down on counter like they normally don't 
(standing 4's), just to give some examples, which gives countering a large 
part in the incredible deepness in TTT. Some followups are guaranteed on CH 
when they aren't with a normal hit, hell even some combo's are only possible 
after a CH. There are two different ways to counter:


=============
Minor Counter
=============

A minor counter occurs when you counter the opponent during the recovery of 
their attack, that means when you either block their attack or when their 
attack whiffs. If the recovery of a certain attack is long, he'll be more 
vulnerable for a minor counter than  with faster recovery. Usually there 
won't be much difference in your attack when you minor counter as in a 
normal hit except that your attack might to a little more damage. Minor 
Counters occur a lot when the opponent is wide open after you've 
successfully blocked or sidestepped their attack, for a free hit. Depending 
on how fast or slow the recovery, you must use an attack with the proper 
speed needed. Attacks with faster recovery have to be punished faster 
attacks and attacks with long recovery can be punished with moved that come 
out slower.


=============
Major Counter
=============

Major Counter (MC) occurs when you counter DURING the opponents move with 
your own attack. This requires more anticipation than the Minor Counter, but 
is a lot more rewarding. The most occurring major counter is interrupting 
the opponents attack with fast pokes, but the major counter is also common 
on a larger scale like with the WS+3. Most of the time you have to use 
faster attacks than the opponent for a major counter, but sometimes it just 
takes sheer timing and anticipation, to get a major counter out of moves 
such as ws+3 and df+3, especially df+3, since the safest way to pull it is 
during a Major Counter, since it'll go under high and a lot of mid attacks 
to make that attack suitable for counterattacking purposes. Major Counter 
will also occur if you counter a running opponent, crouch/rolldashing 
opponent or a jumping opponent.


Counterattacking is especially important for Bryan due to moves such as WS+3 
and df+3, even f,f+2, uf+4, b+1 and df+2, since IHMO, Bryan is best played 
off the counter. This means you have to wait until a chance to counter the 
opponent and stay in advantage by being offensive from there on to play 
Bryan to his full effectiveness. Off one counter, Bryan can take away a half 
a lifebar on his own, so waiting for a good chance to counter is vital with 
Bryan. Good ways to get a counterhit is to use block-retaliate tactics to 
hope for a minor counter or maybe evasive tactics like sidestepping, 
swaying, dashing and ducking, it's all up to you what's best. But you have 
to mainly try to focus on the fact to try to counter your opponent, wether 
it's a fast poke or powermove, to set your offense up with more ease.



----------------------------------------------------------------------

Q.  MIXING UP


This section is a straight easy way how to mix-up your game, to stay
unpredictable. If you use the same tactics over and over, that's asking to 
get punished. So if you learn how to vary your game, you'll stay 
predictable. In this section, I'll tell you which are important attacks to 
mix up. These vary from attack string to dashing moves. Here are the 
displays of certain features Bryan has suitable for mixups.

================
The String Mixup
================

Mix up:

3,2,1,2_4
1,2,1,2_4
b+3,2,1,2_4
1,2,3

The most important thing you have to remember is to use these strings always 
when you are in range. If you mix up the mid and low enders, the opponent 
may get confused whether to block standing or blocking. Also whenever you 
pull one of these strings, use the first two or three hits alone. If you mix 
it up well, the opponent might expect to block the 4th hit hit as well, but 
because you left the third hit out the following scenario's will happen:

- The opponent ducks expecting to block the low ender. This is punishable 
with an uf+4 or an b+1 since they're both overheads, or you can also follow 
a 3,2,1 mixup or df+2.
- The opponent stands expecting to block the mid ender. Because he blocks 
standing he is vulnerable for a low level attack, like a df+3 or a simple 
d+4 shin kick, or even a throw attempt if the opponent gets startled too 
much.

But both these scenario's require anticipation from your side as well, but 
once you know your opponent, the advantage is on your side even if you have 
to put up a guessing game. Also if you mix the 1,2,1-mixups up with the 
1,2,3 you might catch the opponent off guard, since they might expect to 
block the 3rd hit and eat the shinkick instead. Same thing vice versa: If 
the opponent expects a 1,2,3, they might get caught in the the 3rd hit of 
the 1,2,1,2_4 while they expect to crouchblock the shinkick.


=====================
WS and Rolldash-mixup
=====================

- Mix up:

QCF_WS+1
QCF_WS+2(~f+2)
QCF_WS+3
QCF_WS+4
FC,df,d,DF+1+2
FC+4


Very important is to mix up all of Bryans mixups of the Rolldash and off the 
crouch. You have to try and use all mixups evenly divided, since they are 
all useful, but mixing them up is important to add versatility. Use the 
qcf-mixup in longer distance and the ws-mixups at shorter distance. 
Sometimes if you do a rolldash alone, the opponent will expect to counter or 
block, so that may confuse them, you can always buffer the rolldash into a 
C.O.M to catch them if they expect to block a QCF+3 or whatever, it works 
well to mix ups your QCF moves with your throws. Another, more reliable 
tactics concerning the WS-mixups involves the d+1 lowjab, which is of course 
a well known setup for a ws+3 or ws+1. If the d+1 is blocked, the 
WS-followup is most likely blocked which makes it great for the following 
scenario's:

- After using the d+1 to set up a ws+1 everytime, try to mix up with the 
C.O.M throw, the opponent expects to block the ws+1 and gets caught in the 
throw instead. Same thing vice versa: If you try to do buffer d+1 into C.O.M 
everytime, the opponent will try to escape the throw but gets juggled by a 
ws+1 instead.
- Same thing here but only to follow with a fast FC+4 kick. If you follow 
ws+1 everytime after d+1 and get blocked, try to follow a simple lowhitting
FC+4 kick after the d+1. Most of the time this will hit. If you mix up
d+1->ws+1 and d+1->FC+4 with much versatility as possible, the opponent will 
have trouble anticipating blocking crouching or standing and is forced in a 
guessing game, since he can either be juggled or hit. This tactic is VERY 
RECOMMENDABLE, and often works better than the C.O.M mixup, but if you use 
all three followups evenly, you'll add even more confusion.


=================
The Stairs Tactic
=================

Use:
Backdash into SS-> f+4
Backdash into SS-> instant WS+3

The stairs tactic is a method based on movement to anticipate counterhits 
easier against pitbull styled players. If you time b,b->SS right during the 
move execution, you will be totally safe and the opponent is left vulnerable 
for a CH. I’ll explain it thru an example:

Bruce starts up a 1,2,1,4 string, you dash out of range cancelling into a 
SS, Bruce continues his string and whiffs start-up remaining vulnerable for 
a f+4 counter.

The stairs tactic is best at MID LEVEL range against players that keep 
staying in your face. It’s best against attacks that don’t track well with 
your SS and don’t reach dashing distance. The f+4 is perfect for this tactic 
because it reaches from a safe distance and has guaranteed followups on MC. 
The if you master the instant ws execution (later in this FAQ), the ws+3 is 
better from a shorter distance but has the speed to serve well as a CH 
attack, especially due to the awesome followups after the stun. Note that 
the Stairs tactic will get you killed against turtling players, it’s only 
good against overly aggressive opponents.




======================
Beginning of the round
======================

Players are often speculated by one question: "Once the announcer says
"FIGHT" what should be my first move?". Well, the most important thing you 
have to remember in this case is NOT to do the same thing everytime the 
rounds starts, that'll add only to your predictability, some good players 
will look at your hands before the round starts to see what buttons you have 
ready. This is another form of mixing up that's more important than some may 
imagine, since if you are predictable once the round starts it may prove 
costly in the rest of the match. Here are some moves with Bryan you can do 
once the round starts, and you will have to mix up:

- Standing 1 or 2: This is a pretty safe way to start the round, overly 
offensive players (pitbull style) who like to stay in your face will usually 
run into the jab. But if they just stand there doing nothing, your jab will 
whiff, and you'll get EWGF-ed or whatever. I usually press f+1 or f+2 with 
Bryan to give the jabs a forward momentum to make them reach.

- Backdash: Okay it's no attack, but it's the safest way to start the round 
with a backdash, just in case the opponent start out with a hopkick or 
whatever, you get out of range, and have the opportunity for an early 
counter, if they don't attack you are still in no danger whatsoever.

- Stay on guard: Also pretty safe, but if you get predictible with this 
opponents will rush in with a throw or try a low attack. Still stying on 
guard is never a bad idea, if the opponent starts with a hopkick or 
whatever, for an early counter.
- d+4: Great option for those who like to stay on guard, a fast lowattack 
will most likely hit them, wether they try to rush in or just stay guarded.
- f+4: A great option overall, it has both speed and range and knocks down 
on counter, allowing you to follow some more damage with f,f+2. If you use 
this to start the round now and then the advantage will start at your 
advantage more times than vice versa. Still if the opponent ducks you are in 
trouble.

- Ducking: Only useful when you know the opponent will start with a standing 
jab, or when a Jin player starts the round with a (E)WGF everytime. Still 
your are pretty vulnerable if the opponent forsees this and might end up 
countered.

- df+2: Excellent option, not only does it have range and sets up some good 
poking tactics, it also hits mid. This is the safest attack to use when the 
round starts unless you are predictable with it. People that expect this 
will backdash away or use fast jabs as a counter. Other than that, this 
option is awesome and should be used after every 5 or so rounds while mixed 
up with other options.

- 3,2,1,4: Why not? If the first kick gets blocked the opponent still cannot 
counter the rest of the string, and if you connect, you start the round with 
some pretty good damage combined.

- 1+2: This is actually a very good option if the opponent advances once the 
round starts, this has enough evasive priority to set up a good damage 
counter once the round starts

- 1~4: Also very excellent, the runner up for the df+2, even if the opponent 
stays out of range of the first hit the second will always reach. Great 
option with good speed, range and set-up ability, the only danger here is a 
ducking opponent and it’s bad recovery if an opponent backdashes out range.

- f+1+4: Very recommended option, some might find this strange but do the 
unblockable once the rounds begins is very effective. Because Bryan leans 
back to charge, he might avoid the opponents attempt to hit you once the 
round starts and get them with the unblockable, for a good headstart in 
damage, some might hesitate in panic when they see you wind up for the 
unblockable, and get hit unintantionally. Very useful indeed.


=============
The 1~4 mixup
=============

- Mix up:
1~4
1~4->f+1+4
1~4->d+4
1~4,3(3)
1~4>2,1,2_4
1~4>2>4

This has been proven to be a very essential mix-up, due to a number of
reasons. The 1~4 sets up very well, puts you in range and has numberous 
string followup. If you connect a 1~4 you can do a number of things.


- Single 1~4. If you mix up a single 1~4 with all the other followups
listed is a good enough wake up game by itself. If you utilze this mixup 
correctly, the opponent will expect either:

f+1+4. If the opponent expects the unblockable once you connect 1~4 the 
opponent will usually try to counter it, but if the unlockable doesn't come 
out you can easily punish the opponents attempt to CH you.

d+4. The good opponent will usually try and lowparry you if you try a d+4 
often after 1~4, but if you try a single 1~4 for a change, the opponent will 
whiff their lowparry attempt leaving them open for a b+1 or 3,2,1-string.

1~4>2,4_1,2_4. The opponent will attempt to duck or counter you when they 
expect this string mixup, but if you initiate the 1~4 alone, you can counter 
their crouch with a b+1 or whetever, or punish them with f,f+2.


- 1~4->f+1+4. I say it once again, buffering 1~4 into f+1+4 is very useful 
if mixed up with the other followups after 1~4:

d+4. If the opponent expects d+4 after 1~4, they will crouchblock or try to 
lowparry you. In both cases, doing the unblockable instead will catch the 
opponent when they crouch.

1~4,3,3. If you mix the 1~4,3,3 with 1~4->f+1+4, this is very useful, since 
the opponent will block standing after the second hit and will get caught in 
the unblockable instead.

1~4>2,4_1,2_4. The opponent will either block standing, counter with a jab 
or duck this mixup. If you do the f+1+4 unblockable instead after 1~4, the 
opponent will get hit in all cases,since it avoids all standing jabs, and 
hits a crouching opponent. Still a skilled player can find the reaction on 
time to counter you in this case, but still not a bad mixup nonetheless.


- 1~4,3(3). This string is definately not a low risk move, it's only useful 
as a mixup or move to set-up a lowjab. But if you mix this attack up with 
the previous listed, this attack can be utilized with great effect if you 
mix it up with the 1~4>2 mixup. The opponent tends to duck the 2, but if you 
do 1~4,3,3 instead, the third hit of this attack hits mid, thus countering 
the crouch. This is also useful if you mixup 1~4,3,3 with 1~4->d+4. Your 
opponent will block the third hit standing. If you do the shinkick instead, 
you'll connect it pretty often. You can also try 1~4,3->d+4 as a custom 
string. If the third hit of 1~4,3,3 is blocked standing, players will 
parry/reverse the last kick pretty often, and if you do a d+4 instead, you 
can prevent this, plus you'll eat away some damage as well.

- 1~4>2,4_1,2_4. These strings are best used in a mix-up with a SINGLE 1~4. 
If you connect 1~4 a couple of times, the opponent will rush in eventually, 
and if you delay the Doom Knucke mixups the opponent may well run right into 
some big CH damage. Repeat this pattern on your opponent, and he'll never 
have the guts to try and counterattack once you connect 1~4, they'll usually 
back away a bit, and if you do buffer your 1~4 into f+1+4 the opponent will 
get caught in the unblockable very often.This is one of the mixups that make 
Bryan such a dangerous character. If you use this mixup the right way, the 
opponent will have a hard time beating you and you can declare doomsday on 
him regardless what he does,  they'll usually duck a lot hoping to duck a 
1~4 attempt (from my experience) leaving them open for a b+1 or whatever 
overhead.



Mixing up is very important since predictability is always a downfall
against good players. 9 times out of 10 the player who varies his game the 
best wins. Do not only mix up the examples above, you must also mix up 
Bryans forward dash moves(f,f+2, f,f+3 and f,f+4) throws, jugglestarters 
(ws+1, QCB+2, b+1, uf,N+4, uf+4, ws+2~f+2 and df+3), and of course his best 
poking based attacks (see POKING). Tekken is a game with lots of deepness 
and the main deal is to use that deepness to your advantage. Besides, who 
wants to get a "Chicken!" Icon? Your honor as a gamer is at stake if you 
don't vary your game (still, the "Chicken!" is not entirely accurate in some 
cases if you ask me).

Mixing up is one of the most important, if not the most important thing you 
have to learn if you want an organised offense, and Bryan has one of the 
best mixups in the game.


----------------------------------------------------------------------


R. THE INSTANT WS-EXECUTION


The reason why I put up this section is that Bryan is much more powerful if 
the instant WS-Execution is added to his arsenal. The instant ws-execution 
is done by pressing d~df, instead of rising from the crouch. For example the 
WS+3 can be instantly executed off standing position by pressing d~df+3. The 
instant ws-method has a far quicker execution than off the rolldash or 
crouch

A VERY important thing to remember is that the instant ws-execution of the 
WS+3 [->d~df+3] will give you the largest chance to connect the CH stun in 
high level play


The other cases will leave you interrupted, thrown or most likely blocked 
(that's not a problem really but I'm not finished yet...). The best way to 
utilize the instant WS+3 is offensively, and mixed up with the 
otherexecution types (off the rolldash or crouch).

This is best suited if you have a pitbull styled play (like myself). IHMO, 
the instant ws-execution is veryimportant for Bryans offense, if you can 
instantly execute the ws-moves Bryans has from standing position, he becomes 
even more powerful. Because the execution is faster, the chance to get 
countered minimizes as well, and the chance to get a counterhit increases, 
and with the ws+3 especially, this proves a great advantage for Bryan.

I seriously believe that Bryans Rising Knee is the BEST MOVE IN THE GAME 
while instantly ws-executed. And the instant WS-execution not only 
strengthens Bryans WS+3 in execution, but also in followups. If you land the 
CH stun you can instantly ws-execute the ws+1 (d~df+1) and ws+2~f+2 
(d~df+2,f+2) for some classy combo’s that are only possible due to the 
ws-execution. And even if you instantly execute ws attack from standing 
position, you will still avoid high attacks during the mid frames.


I'd say you should master the instant WS-execution enough so you'll get it 
around 95%, to fully utilize his offensive or defensive game. Especially if 
you mix up the rolldash and WS-versions you have a powerfull mixup and use 
the same moves for different purposes. The ws-execution is an advanced 
tactic that should be practiced a lot if you want to be consistent with it, 
but if you do, it can be used with great effect. Especially if you know how 
to utilize the instant ws+3 correctly (be familiar with it’s range and speed 
as well) it really makes a difference.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------




S.  ASK THE EXPERTS


Well, finally welcome to the "Ask the experts" section. Here, you'll see the 
knowledge displayed of various different Tekken players, with their own 
great idea's and knowledge on how to play Bryan. The reason why I've come up 
with this section is because there are so many different players in the 
world and that means lots of idea's on how to play the game they all love. 
That's why the Tekken Community has become so large: Sharing knowledge. I 
feel, no matter how good or bad you are, you can always learn idea's from 
other players around the world as well, so you'll gain a bit more knowledge 
each day you interact with them, hell, I learn new stuff from gamers each 
day. It's not so hard when you think about it, we all play Tekken, we all 
know Tekken and we all love Tekken, and because every Tekken player in the
world has his own idea's wether they are young or old, black, white, or 
yellow,  and by sharing them with other gamers, we spread new knowledge, new 
idea's in other words, we interact, and THAT's what forms the Tekken 
community as we see it. Because all players have different opinions and 
different playstyles, we can learn what they find effective, involving a 
whole new level idea's and strategies. As persons and as gamers, we all form 
the Tekken Community, not one person or some kind of regulation, because of 
the different ways we play the game and by providing our knowledge to expose 
them for a whole newer generation of players. Because we share knowledge 
with each others all over the globe, we wouldn't have as much insight in the 
game of Tekken as we have now, because all of the great knowledge that has 
been spread through ever since the first Tekken was released. But enough of 
my speech now...

All of the idea's and knowledge displayed in this section were given by 
courtesy from the contributers. All the knowledge here are still official 
property of Birch, Reverend C, KOFTEKKEN, E-MAN, Devil Lee, Konqrr and 
BioXeed. It is NOT allowed to use these submitions for your own intentions 
without asking permission to the contributors. I'll keep a close eye on the 
situation, and if I detect any way of plagiarism or the usual frauding, I 
will be sure to shut you down representing any of the players who have 
contributed. Meanwhile I like to thank everyone for submitting to "Ask the 
Experts", by providing their trust and their wisdom in the game of Tekken. 
You will all be credited bigtime in the Thanks section, without you guys, 
this section would never be here.


Birch (birch@anet.co.nz):
"1,4,3 is a good move with nice speed. I also love Bryan's df+2. It links 
well to d+1, c.o.m. or ws+4,1. or just df+2, 1,2,1,2(or 4)
the qcb+2 ain't his best juggle starter but you can get off 1,4, f,f+2 in T3 
(thanx to the cousin Cypress for that), which is a hard but hefty juggle. 
Bryan's basic 3 and 4 kick are also great stand alone poking moves. The 4 is 
fast (though high) and has good reach because of his big legs. The 3 comes 
out fast and also hits mid...great.the f+3 knocks down on hit also."


Reverend C (reverend_c@yahoo.com):
"If you're not in jab range.  You can either get in jab range or stay
out of throw range as Brian has many fast attack that will knock down.  I 
try to keep my eye on my opponent's hand, and if I think a punch is coming, 
I use Brian's punch parry (which is Brian's best new move IMHO).  After 
parrying right punch, you can get close enough to get Brian into FC position 
right in their face.  Parrying left punch causes a quick knock down.  If 
your opponent likes to wiff 1,2 jabs right in your face, give them df+3 
juggling sweep.  If you block a long recover attack f+1+2 elbows or really 
quick QCT+1 uppercut will both work.  Another important weapon for Brian is 
the QCB+2 back sway uppercut, but sure it will connect though.  Like close 
range, WS+3 (or QCT+3) is the most important weapon for Brian.  To use this 
outside of throw range effectively, you'll have to learn how to do WS+3 
REALLY fast.  Once you can do that, WS+3 is your best friend.  Now, don't 
gotrading this with Wind God Fist or Deathfist, die, and call me a retard 
because you should never do that unless you KNOW you'll counter.   But it's 
not a bad idea to trade hits with your opponent from long distance if they 
are coming in with jabs and small attacks that lacks range, do little 
damage, and will not put you in seriously bad situation if you get hit. 
Think about it, once WS+3 is executed it'll beat a jab as it has much more 
range, the damage is very rewarding even if your opponent escape the stun. 
On the other hand, if you're hit by 1...  2 is garanteed...  big deal...... 
Now don't do this against Julia's 1~1,1, it's not worth it."


KOFTEKKEN (kyovsiori@yahoo.com) said:
"mm, I wanted to share something about Bryan. This is something unique about 
Bryan besides other characters..... a. 1 jab It's 10 frame speed(belongs to 
slow jab category) however, his jab gives you "3 frame" advantage....hehe 
remember that he is an android??!?! b. 1,"2"
Literally this is one of his best moves...Many ppl posted good strategy 
above. Let me share the craziness of his 1,2 jabs. Well, most of characters 
who have 1,2 jab move are guaranteed after first jab. However, ONLY Bryan 
causes the longest "STUN"(so called) after that "2" jab in 1,2 string.... 
Try those strings for poke than make mix ups... 1. uninterruptable 
pokings... condition: 1,2 jabs hit(it's easy to see whether move connects or 
not) a. 1,2; df+2(wow, literally the best poking move. Because it's 
UNINTERUPTABLE and UNDUCKABLE...) b. 1,2; f,f+2 ( wow, mech breaker!! 
uninterruptable!!!) c. 1,2; b+2,1,2_4 or b+2,4 (wow, it's uninterruptable!! 
that's crazy... you want to be fancy against mashers?? Just land 1,2 jabs 
then do b+2 starter...they will more likely get CH... you know what to do 
then..hehe TAUNT comboes!!! =) *basically his right jab in 1,2 string only 
makes some long stun to do some crazy moves..i think there could be possible 
free hits..* (but only thing is this info belongs to Tkn 3 so it may not 
work in TTT =P ) b. well ...obviously everyone knows how to mix his 1,2,3 
strings...so I don't think I need to mention... however, I think his b+1 is 
cool looking great juggle starter.. a. 1,2; b+1 (if you suspect opp. to 
duck) b. 1,2; QCF+1(if you want to be safe) c. you know options..hehe"

E-MAN (tekkenkid@yahoo.com):
"Here's a very effective custom string with Bryan (simple but nasty!): 1~4, 
D+1, Chains of Misery. If you have mastered buffering C.O.M., then you're in 
business. The trick is to buffer C.O.M. during the animation of the D+1 
(could also be fc+1) so it comes out immediately after the crouch jab. If 
you're opponent starts to anticipate this move, you could always replace the 
C.O.M. with ws+1 for a free juggle.Another effective move for Bryan is his 
d+4 low shin kick. It almostalways hits grounded opponents for extra damage, 
and it's good for poking."


Reverend C (reverend_c@yahoo.com) said:
"All of my strategies with Brian involves WS+3 in some way.  I try to
either setup WS+3 for counter hit or try to trick someone into blocking high 
and throw him.  To get WS+3 to connect, Brian will have to stay around throw 
range where 1,2 jab won't wiff.  From there, either do 1,2 jab combo or d+1 
jab to setup the next move.  Low jab comes out quicker but 1,2 jabs give you 
more advantage when they are blocked.  If 1,2, jabs are blocked, I usually 
go for a throw, a low kick, or a d+1 since you'll probably be close enough 
to throw and d+1 will interrupt anything if 1,2 jabs are blocked leaving 
Brian in FC position and completely safe.  Once Bryan is in FC position 
within throw range, Bryan has the option to 1) throw 2) WS+3 if you can 
anticipate a counter 3) FC+4 low kick, or 4) WS+1.  Your choice will depend 
on your opponent.  Most people (average players) aren't patient enough to 
think about what's going on and attacks away, and I always use WS+3 against 
them, chance is it'll counter and stun, and depends on what I feel like I'll 
either do a quick WS+1, b+1, or UF,n+4 juggle.  Against good players, WS+3 
will rarely counters, but you can always throw in a low kick for quick 
damage.  I never use low kick more than once or twice because people catch 
on, and start blocking or parrying it.  If I'm pretty sure my opponent will 
duck or parry, I do WS+1 uppercut, and if I'm sure the opponent will remain 
standing, I'll do either basic throw or Chain of Misery (if the joystick is 
good).  It sounds pretty simple, but this is the most important thing about 
playing Brian.  The problem about these options are, if WS+3 is blocked, you 
can do a quick d+1 and keep Brian fairly safe from retaliation, but good 
players will throw you after blocking WS+3.  WS+1 leaves Brian wide open if 
it fail to juggle.  Throws can be escape, or worse, ducked.  If you wiff a 
throw... you'll probably be juggled.  d+4 will be parried if used too often. 
FC position in close range is whereBrian is most deadly and the difference 
between good Brian players and average Brian players is the choice you make 
when you're in that position."


KOFTEKKEN (kyovsiori@yahoo.com) said:
"Wake ups.. My best option is WS_QCF+3 (knee) 'caz it could catch rolling 
opp. and it has great priority to counter wake up attacks. (leading to CH 
juggles..) Also recovery of the move is fast enough to throw your second 
option like d+1 afterward(if it whiffs on lying down opp.) to counter back 
again their wake up attacks... Oh, and about uf+3 kick, I like that move 
too.. You guys probably know it could be used in juggle..but just in case.. 
-QCF_WS+3 CH; uf+3; 1; ff+2     Hmm, lastly, his uf+4 got slower....I guess 
his new b+1 move is pretty ok..with some what more range and okay speed."

Devil Lee (ChrisG0000@aol.com) said:
"Here are a few tips I suggest. 1.) The Mach Punch comes out fast, so use it 
to interrupt other people's attacks, but don't overuse it because if they 
recover the opponent can duck and crush you with a WS attack (Jin, Kazuya, 
Bryan, etc) 2.) Snake Edge on clean/counter hit will pop your opponent up 
head over heels.  A good follow up is a WS+3 knee attack. 3.)The WS+3 has 
good priority, and does stun your opponent a little bit. 4.)Best Costume: 
Press LK! The black shirt is just like his FMV in Tekken 3 ;) 5.)His 
1,4,2,1,2 string hits mainly high, try not to use it too often. 6.)b+2 can 
be linked to 1,2 (all high) 1,4 (high, mid) or you can skip the punch and go 
straight into the kick, 4. In a nutshell, b+2,1,2, b+2,1,4, b+2,4 7.) A very 
easy juggle to perform after the QCF+1 is the b+2,1,4. 8.) Fisherman's
Slam(QCF+2) and the follow up (F+2) does bounce them up, go for the Triple 
Spinning Roundhouses( f+4,3,4).  Don't start the Tri. Spinning Roundhouses 
too soon, or you won't get all the kicks in(unless your opponent is a big 
character like a Jack). 9.) Mach Punch can be used after Bryan's Parry, 
b+1+2, guaranteed( I don't know the move though, do you just press 2?)10.)  
Use his Sledgehammer, 1+2, on all those obvious high attacks.  It has good 
priority."

Konqrr (kgcampb@aros.net) said:
"Bryan has a few great mixups with his d+1+3_2+4 Low Parry...much like
Law. Just hold down when you do the parry and you can either do COM or
WR+1_2_3_4, whatever you want. This is very effective.Another tactic I use 
is to sidestep then either do QCF moves or QCB+2. Bryan can be very lethal 
in this situation as these movements come out instantly."

BioXeed said:
"firstly anyone should learn to do fast WS moves.. comes in _very_ handy to 
pull a WS almost as fast as say an ewgf..wrt to TTT - his b+1 is a very 
useful launcher.. just don't want to _ever_miss with it..  if it's blocked 
the recovery is not so bad.. but when it misses the revcoery is bad enough 
for someone to connect a jugglestarter...his d_d/b+2 is invaluable...  
excellent juggle filler... not as useful by itself but good duck high 
attacks (but still not as useful as 1+2) with the new low block stagger 
missing or having his d/f+3 block is as close to suicide as you'll get 
without actually sticking a sword thourgh your guts...  against anyone with 
WS or reasonably fast moves you will definately cop a hiding for whiffing 
it... (e.g against another bryan you will either get juggled or you can get 
hit with a mach breaker) that being said if it connects the damage as a 
stand alone move is pretty good and it's possible to juggle from.. so there 
you go..unfortunately because of tech-tagging the stun from his ws+3 and 
ss+1~2 aren't nearly as useful as from t3.. but damn good notheless..the 
addition of a punch parry was very nice... useful against predicatable 
opponents.. (and even some not so predicatable opponents) another useful 
change is his resistance to t.ogre flame..  will make a t.ogre rue the fact 
of trying to set bryan alight..also gameplay wise (aside from being able to 
do lightning WS) being able to do quick C.O.M. and dash buffered C.O.M is a 
useful skill."


- Side note to all who have contributed: Sorry that I had to modify the 
layout of some of your submitions, but otherwise the rest of the FAQ 
wouldn't fit in that darn browser. Hopefully you can understand this, but 
still I apologise for this small matter.
- I hope you are satisfied with the result of this section, if you're not 
and you'd like to leave out or correct something in your submition, please 
contact me at renickironfist@hotmail.com, and I see what I can do to modify 
by your request.



----------------------------------------------------------------------



T.  CONCLUSION


The best reason why to pick Bryan is because he has got so many strengths, 
his mixups, his powermoves, parries, combo and custom string ability. He has 
more than enough to make him one of the stronger character, you don't have 
to learn stance changing and tons of moves while playing Bryan. His ability 
to do more than 50points of damage off the counter makes him a very deadly 
character, moves like the Mach Punch, qcf+3 and df+3 prove that. His only 
weakness is his lack of low attacks, so he has to heavily rely on his shin 
kicks and df+3 at times. As for a learning curve, Bryan is not an easy
character to use for beginners like Law or Paul, but much easier than
learning a Lei or a Hwoarang. Bryan has the ability to take an opponent up 
close, or from a distance, and he is one of those rare characters who can 
adapt in any sort of playstyle, if you are forced to defend his lowparry and 
punchreversal is more than enough to discourage your opponent to modify into 
an offense he isn't use to, and because of his string mixups and fantastic 
custom string abilities, he's a hard character to defend against. Bryan can 
be suitable for you regardless what style you play. If you have the patience 
to learn to play Bryan he can take on against any character in Tekken, and 
if played in the right hands he won't go down easily regardless what 
character you're up against.




----------------------------------------------------------------------

U.  SITES

I'll credit the following sites for their hard work:

http://salute.consolenation.com/

One of the best sites on Tekken. I credit drumdude for the fantastic
work on the site. Here you'll find many great info on all editions to the 
Tekken-series. Also this site features the best forum on Tekken out there. I 
really must respect my graditude, since this is the only real place to talk 
with fellow players in harmony. A lot of useful stuff is posted there every 
week. Good job drumdude, and thanks to everyone who contributed great info 
there.


http://www.tekken.net/zaibatsu/

"The non-stop source for everything Tekken-related". If you're
beginner, intermediate or expert, who cares, this is the place to go if you 
like Tekken. They have great updates, moves sections, FAQs, combo's sections 
and best of all, Castel's movies are the bomb. It's a must to see those 
movies if you visit, no matter what it takes. The staff keep the Tekken 
Community informed on their tippy-toes with hot news and knowledge. They 
deserve all the credit they can get with their hard work. Recently they've 
opened a brand new message forum, and y'know what, it's already full with 
discussions and interactions This site is sooper, ain't nothin' to it.


http://www.geocities.com/TimesSquare/Bridge/2700/

Inside Tekken, Abrar's cool new site focused on TTT. You'll find nice
updates there, good movies and neat FAQs. Also check out the great (and not 
to mention ORIGINAL) articles section, which allows you to post an article 
about a certain issue on Tekken you can share with the visitors. It's kinda 
like an editorial, but better. check out the cool articles by ETP and 
mIrAge. Also there's a cool forum there, which I also visit from time to 
time. Check it out!


http://www.tekkentagtournament.com/

Official site of TTT. You'll find some great updates and game-info
here. Check out the movies as well. There's also a message board for some 
"in-depth discussions".


http://www.fighters.net/

I'd be stoopid if I forgot ol' fighters.net. Check out their great
stuff on TTT, with awesome movies on the upcoming console version, which 
have to be seen to be believed. Their FAQ archives are excellent as well as 
the updates that keeps any fightng game-freak informed to the max. The hard 
work of the staff (tigeraid, Faceless, Three-11, Mr.MG) has resulted one of 
the most well organised sites I know. There forum is also a great place to 
share your knowledge with other gamerz around the globe. This site deserves 
big props, tell me about it.


http://www.gamefaqs.com/

This is the site where you can find the best FAQ archives on videogames on 
the web. Here you'll find all the info you need on whatever videogame you 
like. If you're stuck on a game, if you want some codes or want to submit a 
FAQ or Review, GameFAQs is your place! GameFAQs rules, they are the most 
popular in FAQ archives on computer games around the web! They have the most 
reliable methods on contributing FAQs, simply because of the fact that they 
won't take ripoffs of other FAQs. I'm giving big props to GameFAQs!


http://www.geocities.com/tekkenmanila/

Check out this new great site hosted by E-MAN, one of the many loyal
Tekkenplayers who shares knowledge at the Inside tekken and Tekken Salute 
forums. This site will be focussed on the Fillipino Tekken scene, it 
features a great movie on chrouchbuffering the Chains of
Misery(FC,df,d,df+1+2) with Bryan, with a sadistically cool sountrack from 
The Prodigy. Check it out yourself, this will be one of the best unofficial 
tekkensites of the future, I tell ya!


http://www.arcadescene.co.uk/

This site is webmastered by Mr.MG one of the staff members of fighters.net, 
which is about the arcades in London, and the activities and so on. You have 
some good info here, and also the results from the Tekken London Showdown 
where some well-known players around Europe have participated in, including 
myself. I'll give special credit too him, for his hard work to keep us 
gamers happy, and his generosity.


http://www.counterhit.com/

This is Sauer Krauts site, and one of the best TTT info sources around. 
Great general and advanced tactics, tons of combo’s and several great tricks 
of the trade. Very recommended.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

V.  CREDITS


As my FAQ is thru I want to thank the following individuals for their
support/help/knowledge:

- Reverend C: For his combo's, his info and great technical Tekken knowledge 
he has giving me the last couple of weeks, and some fun discussions. Also 
check out his awesome FAQs on Kazuya, Nina, Anna and Heihachi. Also, I'm 
currenty writing a comprehensive character guide with him, so keep your eyes 
open for that one. Huge credits to him.

- Abrar, for writing that kickass Kuma guide and for his awesome knowledge 
and kindness.

- Yoshiking, Brennan Swan, Aviax, The Chef (rehan1@hotmail.com) and Kevin 
Kitagawa (aka Polymer) , for some useful tips on how to improve my guide.

- Dong Lee (KOFTEKKEN) and jjt for their great Tekkniques guide at Tekken 
Zaibatsu.

- The contributers of the "Ask the Experts" section, KOFTEKKEN, Konqrr
E-MAN, Reverend C, BioXeed, Devil Lee and Birch (check out his Kunimitsu 
FAQ) for submitting their great knowledge, to bring it to a larger scale of 
players. All you guys deserve huge credits, and I have to thank you all for 
getting the info out there, that other players around the globe can 
definately use. It's all great, thanks once again.

- Castel and the rest of the Tekken Zaibatsu staff for their
awesome knowledge on Tekken and doing so much for the Tekken Community, and 
of course their kickass movies. You guys rule, no doubt about that!

- Fighters.net for their kewl TTT section and awesome movies.

- Catlord for his savage-ass FAQ on TTT. Keep up the work!

- Rehan (aka The Chef), Harry, Martin, Wing, Declan (Decschief), Anthony 
(aka starant, Devilman, grayfox), Amrej, Mark (Mr.MG), Ryan Hart, Claka, 
Templar (KRY) and others for being awesome players in the London Tourny, you 
all have mad skillz, and you all proved to be some of the best in Europe. I 
thought was great fun competing with you guys, we ought to play again 
someday.

- Gokmen, Damsko Kazuya, King the 2nd and The Amature, for being great
fellow players from Holland, all of you guys have great skillz, I hope to 
play you guys some more soon, since we only live 45minutes distance from 
each other, so we oughtta meet up more.

- Red King (check out his Jin FAQ), Simone and Sandro, for being awesome 
competition from Italy. You guys have amazing skills, and I'm glad to have 
competed with you all in the London Tournament. Hope to see ya guys in the 
June 2000 tourny.

- Devil x Hollywood (check out his Bruce FAQ), QDogg, Gargoyle Sox, 7th 
Pixel, Notti, shauno, Joshic, SuperT, et3rustee, jjt mIrAge, drumdude, 
Cinder, my_3rd_eye, Faceless, kishmomo, Thunder Fist, Ug The Caveman, 
JoeKing, MC and The_Chink (sorry if I forgot someone, but to make it short, 
thanks to everyone who I've interacted with in the past) for their awesome 
Tekken-knowledge shared many times over around the web, without you guys 
Tekken would never be as alive as now.

- Namco, for making one of the best game-series on the friggin' market. You 
fella's are tha bomb!

- KoRn and Limp Bizkit, for making awesome music to listen to when and where 
ever I play Tekken, to keep my blood pumped with adrenaline. I swear the 
god, it's been proven you play better listening to your fav records than 
when you are playing in silence. Besides, the louder the music, the less you 
are distracted my the opponents trash talking phrases, lol....Look for the 
ads.....I just wish most Arcades had the balls to play something else than 
just that Dance or Trance or whatever that music's called...

- Myself, for writing this guide (I KNEW I forgot someone...)

- And finally, you, the one currently reading this, thanks for taking a look 
at my FAQ, I hope you liked it. If you have any comments on it,
corrections or your own idea's e-mail me at renickironfist@hotmail.com to 
contact me. Everyone's opinion means a lot to me ^_^


"While yer travlin' round tha world,
Jody's home with your best girl
Next time I get a three day pass
I'm gonna C.O.M ol' Jody's *peep*"

- Renick.

±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±

The End.

±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±

